
Invited Talk 

"Model Checking" Software with VeriSoft

Patrice Godefroid
Bell Laboratories, Lucent Technologies

Abstract

VeriSoft is a tool for systematically testing concurrent reactive
software systems. It explores the state space (dynamic behavior) of a
system by driving and observing the execution of its components using
a run-time scheduler, and by reinitializing their execution. This
systematic state-space exploration is performed using model-checking
algorithms and makes heavy use of so-called "partial-order reduction"
techniques. By default, VeriSoft searches state spaces for violations
of user-specified assertions and coordination problems (deadlocks,
crashes, etc.) between concurrent components. With its first prototype
developed in 1996 (published at POPL'97), VeriSoft is the first
software model checker for general-purpose programming languages like
C and C++.

Since made publicly available in 1999, VeriSoft has been licensed to
hundreds of users in industry and academia. Inside Lucent
Technologies, it was applied successfully to analyze several software
products in various business units and application domains (switch
maintenance, call processing, network management, etc.). Because
VeriSoft can automatically generate, execute and evaluate thousands of
tests per minute, it can quickly reveal behaviors that are virtually
impossible to detect using conventional testing techniques.

In this talk, I will present VeriSoft, what it does, how it works,
industrial applications, strengths and limitations,
technology-transfer issues, and discuss the current status of this
project as well as related work and future work.

Bio

Patrice Godefroid received the B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering
(Computer Science elective) and the Ph.D. degree in Computer Science
from the University of Liege, Belgium, in 1989 and 1994
respectively. In 1994, he joined Bell Laboratories (now part of Lucent
Technologies), where he currently holds a position of "distinguished
member of technical staff". His research interests include program
(mostly software) specification, analysis, testing and verification.




		
