                                                                      
Michael D. Loprete (MDL1695)
CRUMMY, DEL DEO, DOLAN,
  GRIFFINGER & VECCHIONE, P.C.
One Riverfront Plaza
Newark, New Jersey 07102
(201) 596-4500

George L. Graff
James W. Kennedy
Charles B. Ortner
MILGRIM THOMAJAN & LEE P.C.
New York, New York 10005-2815
(212) 858-5300

Sanford Tannebaum
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.
190 River Road
Summit, New Jersey  07901-1444
(908) 522-6666

Attorneys for Plaintiff Unix System Laboratories, Inc.


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY

                                          

UNIX SYSTEM LABORATORIES, INC.,

             	        Plaintiff,		Civil Action No.
						92-1667 (DRD)
          -against-
						COMPLAINT 
BERKELEY SOFTWARE DESIGN, INC.,

			Defendant.


	Plaintiff UNIX System Laboratories, Inc. ("USL"), for
its Complaint against defendant Berkeley Software Design, Inc.
("BSDI"), avers as follows:

The Nature of The Action

	1. This is an action for trademark infringement, false 
advertising and unfair competition under the federal Lanham 
Trademark Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 1051, et seq., and under the 
statutory and common law of New Jersey and of each State in 
which BSDI has engaged in the conduct detailed below. USL 
seeks injunctive relief and damages to redress BSDI's ongoing 
unauthorized use of the UNIX(R) trademark in BSDI's toll-free 
telephone number, 1-800-ITS UNIX, and its inclusion in its 
advertising and promotional materials of materially false and 
misleading statements in violation of the rights of USL. 


	Jurisdiction and Venue

	2. This Court has subject matter jurisdiction over this 
action pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 1121(a) and 28 U.S.C. 
Sections 1331, 1338. 

	3. Venue is properly laid in this district pursuant to 
28 U.S.C. Section1391(b). 


	The Parties

	4. USL is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of 
business located in Summit, New Jersey. USL is a subsidiary of 
American Telephone and Telegraph Company ("AT&T") 
engaged in the development, manufacture, licensing and sale of 
computer software operating systems and related products and 
servlces. 

	5. Defendant BSDI is a Delaware corporation engaged in the 
manufacture and sale of computer software operating systems 
and related services. BSDI's principal place of business is located 
in Richmond Falls, Virginia.                        


	Background

	6. Beginning in the early 1970s, AT&T's Bell Laboratories 
developed proprietary computer operating system software and 
other computer related products which it identified with the 
trademark "UNIX." 

	7. On May 6, 1986, AT&T's UNIX trademark was placed on 
the Principal Register of the United States Patent and Trademark 
Office for computer programs, under Registration No. 1,392,203. A 
copy of the registration is annexed as Exhibit A. This registration is 
valid, subsisting, in full force and effect, and is now incontestable 
pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 1065. 

	8. AT&T has assigned all of its proprietary rights in the UNIX 
trademark and the software sold and licensed thereunder to USL. 
For more than fifteen years, AT&T and its successor, USL, have 
widely used the trademark UNIX to identify their system software, 
computers and related products and services, including educational 
and training services, system manuals, and technical and consulting 
services. 

	10. The trademark UNIX is widely known as identifying the 
products of AT&T and its successor, USL. 

	11. Pursuant to agreement with AT&T, the Regents of the 
University of California (the "Regents") have been authorized to 
distribute to third parties certain works derived from UNIX system 
software subject to various restrictions intended to protect and 
preserve AT&T's proprietary rights thereto. Those restrictions 
include a requirement limiting such distribution to persons who 
have also acquired licenses from AT&T or USL. The derivative 
works distributed by the Regents are generally known as "Berkeley 
Software Distributions," and USL-authorized releases thereof have 
been widely distributed by the Regents under the initials "BSD" 
(e.g., "4.3BSD"). 

	12. BSDI is not affiliated with the Regents, nor has it entered 
into any license agreements with USL pertaining to UNIX brand 
software, computers or related products. 

	13. BSDI is attempting to develop a computer operating system 
software product that is directly competitive to products 
sold or licensed by USL and/or its licensees, and to market that 
product under the name "BSD/386". Exhibit B is a copy of a BSDI 
promotional brochure for its "BSD/386" system software. 

	14. Substantial portions of BSDI's BSD/386 operating system 
are copied from, based upon, or otherwise derived from, USL's 
proprietary software products. Plaintiff reserves the right to seek 
an amendment of this Complaint to add claims for relief with respect 
to violations by BSDI of USL's proprietary rights upon the 
development of additional facts. 

	15. BSDI has attempted to market its BSD/386 software 
product to prospective licensees in New Jersey and elsewhere 
throughout the United States and beyond. 


	First Claim for Relief
	Federal Trademark Infringement

	16. Some time prior to January 1992, BSDI acquired a toll-
free telephone number that would permit someone to contact BSDI 
by dialing "1-800-ITS-UNIX". 

	17. BSDI has included the "ITS-UNIX" telephone number in its 
advertising and promotional materials and has otherwise used the 
UNIX trademark in connection with the sale, distribution or 
advertising of its goods and/or services in commerce. 

	18. BSDI's use of the "ITS-UNIX" telephone number is intended 
to and likely to cause confusion, or to cause mistake, or to deceive in 
that BSD/386 is not a "UNIX" product nor is BSDI authorized or 
licensed to use the UNIX trademark in connection with any of its 
products or services. 

	19. USL acted promptly to protect its rights in its UNIX 
trademark and to protest BSDI's conduct. 

	20. In response to USL's objections, BSDI, through its attorneys, 
represented that "BSDI has taken steps to discontinue advertising 
containing the mark, UNIX, as part of a telephone number." However, 
BSDI has failed or refused to discontinue its use of the 1-800-ITS-
UNIX telephone number. 

	21. BSDI's unauthorized use of the UNIX trademark has caused, 
and, unless enjoined, will continue to cause, irreparable injury to USL 
for which there is no adequate remedy at law. 

	22. In addition, BSDI's unauthorized use of the UNIX trademark 
has caused USL to sustain damage to its business, and to the value of 
its trademark and the goodwill associated with that mark. 

	23. BSDI's conduct constitutes infringement of a registered 
trademark in violation of Section 32 of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. 
Section 1114. 


	Second Claim for Relief
	False Descriptions of Origin,
	Source, Sponsorship or Authorization

	24. As shown in Exhibit B, BSDI's promotional materials contain 
the following representations concerning its "BSD/386" system: 

	BSD/386 is a "Berkeley UNIX" compatible operating system for 
	the 386 and 486 PC architectures. It is based on the most 
	recent release from the Computer Systems Research Group of 
	the University of California, Berkeley - the Networking Release 
	2. The NET2 tape contained no AT&T licensed code, but was not 
	a complete system. BSDI has completed the system and added 
	additional drivers. The resulting system does not require a 
	license from AT&T, and so is available in source form at a 
	fraction of AT&T's price. 

	25. This statement is materially false and misleading in that, 
among other things, the "Networking Release 2" referred to therein 
contains software code that was copied from, based upon, or derived 
from, code licensed to the Regents by AT&T, such that any operating 
system derived from "Networking Release 2" requires a license from 
AT&T or its successor, USL. 

	26. In the License Agreement by which BSDI sells its BSD/386 
software product to consumers, BSDI represents that "THE LICENSED 
PROGRAM DOES NOT CONTAIN CODE FROM AT&T'S UNIX OPERATING 
SYSTEM CURRENTLY LICENSED BY UNIX SYSTEMS [sic] 
LABORATORIES." A copy of BSDI's form of License Agreement is 
attached as Exhibit C.

	27. This statement is likewise materially false and misleading 
in that, to the extent the BSDI "LICENSED PROGRAM" is (as BSDI 
claims) based upon Berkeley's Networking Release 2, it is in fact 
based upon, copied from or derived from AT&T's code, such that 
users of the BSDI program require a license from AT&T or its 
successor, USL. 

	28. BSDI's conduct constitutes the use in commerce, in 
connection with goods or services, of false or misleading descriptions 
of fact or false or misleading representations of fact in commercial 
advertising or promotion which misrepresent the nature, 
characteristics or qualities of BSDI's goods, services or commercial 
activities. 

	29. BSDI's false and misleading use of the UNIX trademark has 
caused, and unless enjoined, will continue to cause irreparable injury 
to USL for which there is no adequate remedy at law. 

	30. BSDI's false and misleading use of the UNIX trademark has 
caused USL to sustain damage to its business, and to the value of its 
trademark and the goodwill associated with that mark. 

	31. BSDI's conduct constitutes false advertising in violation of 
Section 43(a) of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 1125. 


	Third Claim for Relief
	Dilution

	32. Plaintiff repeats the foregoing allegations as if fully set 
forth herein. 

	33. BSDI's conduct threatens to and does impair the distinctive 
significance of the UNIX mark, in violation of USL's statutory and 
common law rights. 


	Fourth Claim for Relief
	Unfair Competition and Deceptive Trade
	Practices under State Statutory and Common law

	34. Plaintiff repeats the foregoing allegations as if fully set 
forth herein. 

	35. BSDI's conduct constitutes unfair competition and 
deceptive trade practices in violation of applicable statutory and 
common law. 


	WHEREFORE, USL demands judgment as follows: 

	1. A temporary restraining order, and preliminary and 
permanent injunctions: 

	(a) restraining BSDI, its officers, agents, employees, servants, 
and all persons in active concert or participation with them, from 
any and all use of a telephone number that can be expressed with 
the letters "UNIX"; 

	(b) directing BSDI to publish and distribute corrective 
advertising and promotional matter; 

	(c) directing BSDI, its officers, agents, servants, employees, 
and all persons in active concert with them, to surrender up for 
destruction all advertising or other material that contains reference 
to the telephone number "l-800-ITS-UNIX". 

	2. A preliminary and permanent injunction: 

	(a) restraining BSDI, its officers, agents, employees, servants, 
and all persons in active concert or participation with them, from 
stating or implying in any advertising or promotional materials of 
any kind that (i) the BSD/386 system, or the "Networking Release 2" 
upon which it is based, contains no AT&T or USL licensed code or 
derivatives thereof and/or (ii) the BSD/386 system does not require 
a license from AT&T or USL; 

	(b) directing BSDI to publish and distribute corrective 
advertising and promotional matter; 

	(c) directing BSDI, its officers, agents, servants, employees, 
and all persons in active concert with them, to surrender up for 
destruction all advertising or other material that states or implies 
that (i) the BSD/386 system, or the "Networking Release 2" upon 
which it is based, contains no AT&T or USL licensed code or 
derivatives thereof and/or (ii) the BSD/386 system does not 
require a license from AT&T or USL. 

	3. An award of compensatory damages in an amount to be 
determined at trial, and treble damages pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 
Section 1117. 

	4. An award of punitive damages in an amount to be 
determined at trial. 

	5. An accounting and disgorgement of BSDI's profits derived 
as a result of its wrongful acts or such other amount as the court 
shall find to be just according to the circumstances of the case. 

	6. An award of attorneys fees and expenses incurred by USL 
herein, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 1117. 

	7. Such other and further relief as this Court may deem just 
and proper. 


Dated:	Newark, New Jersey
		April 20, 1992


CRUMMY, DEL DEO, DOLAN,
  GRIFFINGER & VECCHIONE, P.C.



By:
			Michael D. Loprete (MDL1695)
			One Riverfront Plaza
			Newark, New Jersey  07102
			(201) 596-4500

				and

			MILGRIM THOMAJAN & LEE P.C.




By:

			George L. Graff
			James W. Kennedy
			Charles B. Ortner
			53 Wall Street
			New York, New York 10005-2815
			(212) 858-5300

			Attorneys for Plaintiff 
			Unix System Laboratories, Inc.

Of Counsel:

Sanford Tannenbaum
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.
190 River Road
Summit, New Jersey  07901-1444
(908) 522-6666


