                                                                      
Michael D. Loprete (MDL1695)
CRUMMY, DEL DEO, DOLAN,
  GRIFFINGER & VECCHIONE, P.C.
One Riverfront Plaza
Newark, New Jersey 07102
(201) 596-4500

George L. Graff
James W. Kennedy
Charles B. Ortner
MILGRIM THOMAJAN & LEE P.C.
New York, New York 10005-2815
(212) 858-5300

Sanford Tannebaum
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.
190 River Road
Summit, New Jersey  07901-1444
(908) 522-6666

Attorneys for Plaintiff Unix System Laboratories, Inc.


UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY

                                          

UNIX SYSTEM LABORATORIES, INC.,

             	        Plaintiff,		Civil Action No.
						92-1667 (DRD)
          -against-
						PLAINTIFF'S
BERKELEY SOFTWARE DESIGN, INC.,			FIRST SET OF
						INTERROGATORIES
			Defendant.


	Plaintiff Unix System laboratories, Inc. ("USL"),
pursuant to Rule 33  of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and
Local Rule 16, demands that Defandant Berkeley System Design, Inc. ("BSDI")
serve answers to the following Interrogatories within thirty (30) days
from teh date on which they are served, in accordance with the
Definitions and Instructions set forth below.

			Definitions

	1.  The term "BSDI 386 Source" means any and all forms
(e.g., source, alpha, beta, binary, or object code forms), in
whole or in part (including without limitation any component,
module or element thereof), of the operating system described in
the "BSD 386 Source" product brochure (copy annexed as Exhibit A)
as a "UNIX compatible operating system for 386 and 486 PC
architectures," and all versions, releases or derivatives
thereof, in whole or in part (including without limitation any
component, module or element thereof), whether or not marketed,
licensed or sold under the name "BSD 386 Source."

	2.  The terms "promotional materials" mean any and all
matter that promotes, advertises or otherwise describes BSDI or
its products and/or services, including but not limited to:

		(1)  Promotional brochures,
		(2)  Advertisements,
		(3)  Order forms, and
		(4)  Notices or other communications posted to
		     computer network bulletin boards.

	3.  The terms "Berkeley NET2 software" and "Berkeley
Networking Release 2" mean any and all forms (e.g., source,
alpha, beta, binary, or object code forms), in whole or in part
(including without limitation any component, module or element
thereof), of the software referred to in BSDI's "386 Source"
software product brochure (annexed as Exhibit A) as "the most
recent release from the Computer Systems Research Group of the
University of California, Berkeley - the Networking Release 2"
and as the "NET2 tape," and all versions, releases or derivatives
thereof, in whole or in part (including without limitation any
component, module or element thereof).

	4.  Reference to any software product includes without
limitation all versions, releases and derivatives thereof.

	5.  The term "communication" means any correspondence,
contact, discussion or exchange between or among any two or more
persons or entities.  Without limiting the foregoing,
"communication" includes all documents, telephone conversations,
negotiations, meetings, and conferences.

	6.  The term "identify" or "identifying" means:

		(a)  when referring to a natural person, state his
full name, present or last known business and home addresses, his
present or last known business position, and, if different, his
occupation or business position at the time to which the
interrogatory or your response thereto has reference.  When used
with reference to any particular person, the information other
than his full name need be given only once.

		(b)  when referring to a corporation or other
business enterprise or legal entity, state the full name and
address and a brief description of the primary business in which
such entity is engaged.  With respect to any particular entity,
the information other than the full name need be given only once.

		(c)  when referring to communication or act:

		     (i) state its date and place of occurrence
(or, if a telephone call is involved, so state and provide the 
location of all parties to such telephone call and identify the
person who initiated it) ; the identity of each person
participation therein, who each such person participation therein 
represented or purported to represent, the nature and subject
matter or any circumstances surrounding it, and the substance of
what transpired or was said; and

		     (ii)  identify all documents, summarizing, 
recording, reflecting, reporting or containing a reference to it.

	7.  The term "concerning" includes referring to,
relating to, embodying, connected with, commenting on, responding
to, showing, describing, analyzing, reflecting or constituting.

	8.  The term "document" is used in the broadest sense 
allowed under Fed. R. Civ. P. 34 and includes, without
limitation, any printed, written, recorded, taped, electronic,
magnetic, optical, graphic, computerized printout, computer
software, computer disc or other storage medium, or other
tangible matter from whatever source, however produced or 
reproduced or stored, whether in draft or otherwise, whether sent
or received or neither, including the original or any non-
identical copy (whether different from the original because of     
notes made on or attached to such copy or any other reason).

	9.  Reference to any entity includes its present and
former subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, joint ventures,
partners, present and former officers, present and former 
directors, present and former employees, present and former 
advisors, and present and former trustees or administrators, both
individually and collectively, and any person acting or 
purporting to act on their individual or collective behalf.

	10.  Subject to ythe foregoing, "USL" means UNIX System
Laboratories, Inc., "BSDI" means defendant Berkeley Software 
Design, Inc., and "AT&T" means America Telephone and Telegraph
Company.

	11.  Reference to any individual includes such 
individual, his or her employees, agents, and all persons acting
or purporting to act on behalf of or in concert with that
individual and all persons or entities under his or her control.

	12.  "And" as well as "or" shall be construed either
disjunctively or conjunctively as necessary to bring within the
scope of these interrogatories any response that might otherwise
be construed to be outside their scope.

	13.  The singular includes the plural and the plural
includes the singular; "any" shall mean "any and all" and "all"
shall mean "all" and "any."

	14.  The term "including" means "including without
limitation." 

			Instructions

	1.  These interrogatories are to be regarded as 
continuing, and you are requested to provide, by way of    
supplementary answers, such additional information as you, or any
other person in your behalf, may hereafter obtain, which will
augment or otherwise modify your answers now given to these 
interrogatories.  Such supplementary answers are to be filed and
served upon USL's counsel within 30 days after receipt of such
information, but not later than two (2) weeks preceding the date
of Trial.

	2.  In answering these interrogatories, even though
the question may be addressed to "you", you must include both
information of which you have personal knowledge or which is
available to you and information obtainable by reasonable
investigation.  This includes information in the possession of or
available to any person acting on your behalf or under your        
control, including your representatives.

	3.  If all the information furnished in answer to all
or any part of any interrogatory is not within your knowledge,
identify each person to whom all or any part of the information
furnished is a matter of personal knowledge, and each person who
communicated to the affiant any part of the information 
furnished.

	4.  Where any of these interrogatories or any sub-part
thereof may be responsibly and fully answered by the reference to
a document, such interrogatory or sub-part may be answered by
attaching to your answer a copy of such document, by referring in 
such answer to such document, and by identifying the paragraph,
portion, or provision of the document that fully answers the
interrogatory.

	5.  When referring to a document not being produced in
lieu of answering an interrogatory, state its title and date; 
identify the auther or person who prepared it and any signatories
to it;  give the type of document (e.g., letter, memorandum, note
agreement), its present location and custodian, a summary of its
contents, or principal terms or provisions; and the identity of 
its addresses and all other persons receiving it or copies of it.
If the document so identified was but is no longer in your
possession, custody or control, state what disposition was made
of it.

	6.  Each interrogatory and subpart thereof is to be
accorded a seperate answer and interrogatories are not to be
combined for the purpose of supplying a common answer thereto.

	7.  If, after exercising due diligence, you can obtain
no information about the subject of a particular interrogatory,
or if for some reason you are unable to answer it, the      
response to that interrogatory should specifically so state, and
no interrogatory should be without some response.  If you have
some information responsive to an interrogaroty, but believe that
further information not now available to you would also be
responsive, you should provide the information you now have and
should specifically state when the balance of the information
will be provided; the fact that a full answer cannot be given is
not a basis for you to fail to provide such information as is
available to you at the time of your response to these
interrogatories.

	8.  If you assert that any interrogatory contains any
objectionable inquiries, state your objection with regard to the 
particular inquiry or inquiries within any interrogatory which
you deem objectionable.

	9.  If you contend that the contents of any writings
described in your answers to these interrogatories are protected
from disclosure by reason of a claim of privilege, work product
or other ground of nonproduction a list is to be furnished, at
the time your Response to these interrogatories is served,
identifying specifically each such document by its nature (e.g.,
letter, memorandum, etc.), together with the following
information with respect to each such document; author(s);
recipient(s); sender(s); indicated or blind copies; date; subject
matter; basis on which the privilege is claimed; number of pages; 
and each interrogatory to which such document relates.



INTERROGATORY NO. 1:
          State whether BSDI has at any time adopted and/or
implemented a policy or practice with respect to the retention or
destruction of documents, and, if so, describe in detail the policy
or practice, identify all persons who were involved in discussing,
considering, adopting or implementing the policy or practice, and
state the date on which the policy or practice was first adopted or
implemented.


INTERROGATORY NO. 2:
          State whether BSDI has at any time destroyed any
documents, or is aware of the destruction of documents by anyone,
that constitute, evidence, reflect or concern:
          (a)  the technical development of the "BSD 386 Source"
               software product;
          (b)  the use of, possession of, or access to, any
               computer related products developed and/or licensed
               by USL or AT&T (including without limitation UNIX
               brand computer software operating systems) occurring
               at any time by any past or present BSDI personnel or
               by any person or entity which has performed or is
               now performing services for or on behalf of BSDI;
          (c)  any other document responsive to the Plaintiff's
               First Request for Production of Documents.
If so, (a) identify each such document, including without
limitation all authors, addressees and recipients thereof, as well
as the subject matter of such document, (b) state the date of its
destruction, (c) describe the manner in which destroyed,
(d) identify all persons responsible for its destruction and all
persons with knowledge of its destruction, and (e) state the
reason(s) for its destruction.


INTERROGATORY NO. 3:
          Identify all persons and entities involved in any way in
the technical development of the "BSD 386 Source" software product,
including without limitation employees of BSDI, consultants, or
outside contributors of software.  In addition to the information
required by Instruction No. 2, for each such person or entity:
          (a)  describe the particular contribution made by such
               person or entity to the technical development of
               "BSD 386 Source";
          (b)  state the number of hours which such person or
               entity devoted to each particular contribution made
               to the technical development of "BSD 386 Source,"
               and the dates in which such person or entity was
               engaged in making that contribution;
          (c)  describe such person's or entity's educational
               experience, technical expertise and training; and
          (d)  with respect to individuals, list such person's
               employers, dates of employments, job titles, duties
               and responsibilities over the last fifteen years.


INTERROGATORY NO. 4:
          With respect to each person and entity identified in
response to the foregoing Interrogatory, state whether or not such
person or entity is a licensee of UNIX operating system software;
has performed or is performing services, as an employee, contractor
or otherwise, for or on behalf of a licensee of UNIX operating
system software; or has otherwise had access to UNIX operating
system software.  With respect to licensees, set forth the date of
the License Agreement.  Further, if such person or entity has had
access to UNIX operating system software, set forth the date(s) of
such access and a brief description of the circumstances in which
such access was granted.


INTERROGATORY NO. 5:
          Identify all sources of software code or other technology
from which "BSD 386 Source" is or may be copied or derived, and
identify the specific portion of "BSD 386 Source" related thereto.


INTERROGATORY NO. 6:
          Identify all license agreements under which BSDI has
obtained a past, current or prospective right of access to software
or other computer-related technology.  As to each such agreement,
state whether BSDI has reviewed, referred to or relied upon any
technology disclosed under such agreement in connection with the
development of the "BSD 386 Source."  If so, identify the specific
portion of the "BSD 386 Source" related to such technology.


INTERROGATORY NO. 7:
          Identify all agreements, including without limitation
license agreements, between BSDI, or its past or current employees,
or its past or current consultants, or any person or entity which
at at(sic) the time of the agreement was performing services for or
on behalf of BSDI, and:
          (a)  the Regents of the University of California (the
               "Regents"); or
          (b)  the Computer Systems Research Group of the
               University of California, Berkeley ("CSRG"), or any
               individuals affiliated therewith.
With respect to each such agreement, identify all communications
constituting, evidencing, reflecting or concerning negotiations
with respect to such agreement, and identify all persons with
knowledge of such communications and negotiations.

INTERROGATORY NO. 8:
          Identify all communications involving BSDI, including
without limitation anyone acting on its behalf, concerning the
question of indemnity for infringement of intellectual property
rights arising out of the use, licensing or sale of "BSD 386
Source" or BSDI's other software products or services.  With
respect to each such communication, state whether or not the
communication involved the question of infringing upon the
intellectual property, contractual or other legal rights of (a) the
Regents, (b) CSRG, (c) USL, or (d) AT&T.

INTERROGATORY NO. 9:
          Identify all communications involving BSDI, including
without limitation anyone acting on its behalf, that concern the
question of any source from which it may have copied or derived its
"BSD 386 Source," or any portion thereof.  With respect to each
such communication, state whether or not such communication
involved the question of whether the BSD 386 Source may have been
copied or derived from software developed or licensed by (a) the
Regents, (b) CSRG, (c) USL, or (d) AT&T, and if so, identify such
software by reference to its trade name.

INTERROGATORY NO. 10:
          Identify all past and current shareholders of BSDI.  With
respect to each shareholder, state the number of shares owned and
the dates of ownership.

INTERROGATORY NO. 11:
          Identify all persons with knowledge of facts concerning
the statement in the "BSD 386 Source" product brochure (copy
annexed as Exhibit A) that: "It is based on the most recent release
from the Computer Systems Research Group of the University of
California, Berkeley-Networking Release 2."

INTERROGATORY NO. 12:
          Identify all documents and other sources of information
consulted, reviewed or relied on in making the foregoing statement
that "It is based on the most recent release from the Computer
Systems Research Group of the University of California, Berkeley -
Networking Release 2."

INTERROGATORY NO. 13:
          Identify all persons with knowledge of facts concerning
the statement in the "BSD 386 Source" product brochure (copy
annexed as Exhibit A) that: "the NET 2 tape contained no AT&T
licensed code, but was not a complete system."

INTERROGATORY NO. 14:
          Identify all documents and other sources of information
consulted, reviewed or relied on in making the foregoing statement
that: "the NET 2 tape contained no AT&T licensed code, but was not
a complete system."

INTERROGATORY NO. 15:
          Identify all persons with knowledge of facts concerning
the statement in the "BSD 386 Source" product brochure (copy
annexed as Exhibit A) that: "BSDI has completed the system and
added additional drivers."

INTERROGATORY NO. 16:
          Identify all documents and other sources of information
consulted, reviewed or relied on in making the foregoing statement
that: "BSDI has completed the system and added additional drivers."

INTERROGATORY NO. 17:
          Identify all persons with knowledge of facts concerning
the statement in the "BSD 386 Source" product brochure (copy
annexed as Exhibit A) that: "the resulting system does not require
a license from AT&T and so is available in source form at a
fraction of AT&T's price."

INTERROGATORY NO. 18:
          Identify all documents and other sources of information
consulted, reviewed or relied on in making the foregoing statement
that: "the resulting system does not require a license from AT&T
and so is available in source form at a fraction of AT&T's price."

INTERROGATORY NO. 19:
          Identify all persons with knowledge of facts concerning
the statement in the "BSD 386 Source" product brochure (copy
annexed as Exhibit A) that: "BSD/386 is a `Berkeley-UNIX'
compatible operating system for the 386 and 486 PC architectures."

INTERROGATORY NO. 20:
          Identify all documents and other sources of information
consulted, reviewed or relied on in making the foregoing statement
that: "BSD/386 is a 'Berkeley-UNIX' compatible operating system for
the 386 and 486 PC architectures."

INTERROGATORY NO. 21:
          Identify all persons with knowledge of facts concerning
the statement in the "BSD 386 Source" product brochure (copy
annexed as Exhibit A) that: "The production system is planned to
support SCO UNIX V3.3 binaries."

INTERROGATORY NO. 22:
          Identify all documents and other sources of information
consulted, reviewed or relied on in making the foregoing statement
that:  "The production system is planned to support SCO UNIX V3.3
binaries."

INTERROGATORY NO. 23:
          Identify all persons with knowledge of facts concerning
the statement appearing in the attached Exhibit C that: "we have
been billed more than US $40,000 just for the legal services we
have used to ensure that our code will [sic] is technically and
legally free from AT&T/USL trade secrets."

INTERROGATORY NO. 24:
          Identify all documents and other sources of information
consulted, reviewed or relied on in making the foregoing statement
that: "we have been billed more than US $40,000 just for the legal
services we have used to ensure that our code will [sic] is
technically and legally free from AT&T/USL trade secrets."

INTERROGATORY NO. 25:
          Identify all persons with knowledge of facts concerning
the statement appearing in the attached Exhibit C that: "we have
seven people putting in more than 280 hours/week on getting the
release out.  That's every week.  We pay them for their efforts. 
We'll certainly be hiring more[.]"

INTERROGATORY NO. 26:
          Identify all documents and other sources of information
consulted, reviewed or relied on in making the foregoing statement
that: "we have seven people putting in more than 280 hours/week on
getting the release out.  That's every week.  We pay them for their
efforts.  We'll certainly be hiring more[.]"

INTERROGATORY NO. 27:
          Identify all persons involved in the drafting and/or
review, prior to its release, of the "BSD 386 Source" product
brochure (annexed as Exhibit A hereto).

INTERROGATORY NO. 28:
          Identify all persons involved in the drafting and/or
review, prior to its release, of the BSDI License Agreement
(annexed as Exhibit B hereto).

INTERROGATORY NO. 29:
          To the extent not identified above, identify all
employees of BSDI.  In addition to the information required by
Instruction No. 2, for each such person,
          (a)  describe each such person's title, duties and
               responsibilities at BSDI;
          (b)  describe such person's educational experience,
               technical expertise, and training; and
          (c)  list such person's employers, dates of employment,
               job titles, duties and responsibilities over the
               last fifteen years.

INTERROGATORY NO. 30:
          With respect to each person identified in response to the
foregoing Interrogatory, state whether or not such person is a
licensee of UNIX operating system software; has performed or is
performing services, as an employee, contractor or otherwise, for
or on behalf of a licensee of UNIX operating system software; or
has otherwise had access to UNIX operating system software.  With
respect to licensees, set forth the date of the License Agreement. 
Further, if such person has had access to UNIX operating system
software, set forth the date(s) of such access and a brief
description of the circumstances in which such access was granted.

INTERROGATORY NO. 31:
          Identify all licensees or purchasers of the "BSD 386
Source" software product, and set forth the date of each license
agreement or purchase.

INTERROGATORY NO. 32:
          Identify all alpha and beta sites licensed to use, test
or experiment with the "BSD 386 Source" software product.

INTERROGATORY NO. 33:
          Separately identify all persons responsible for the
marketing of "BSD 386 Source" within and without the United States
and specifically describe each such person's responsibilities in
that regard.

INTERROGATORY NO. 34:
          Separately identify all persons involved in the
distribution of "BSD 386 Source" including without limitation any
outside distributors, and describe all planned methods of
distribution.

INTERROGATORY NO. 35:
          Separately identify all agreements relating to (a) the
distribution of "BSD 386 Source" and (b) BSDI's other software
products.

INTERROGATORY NO. 36:
          Separately state the date(s) on which BSDI expects to
make the production release of "BSD 386 Source" in binary and
object code forms, and any intermediate versions thereof.

INTERROGATORY NO. 37:
          Separately state the date(s) on which BSDI first released
its BSD 386 Source in alpha and beta forms as well as the dates of
any past or anticipated intermediate releases thereof.

INTERROGATORY NO. 38:
          In addition to "BSD 386 Source", identify all other
products and services, including but not limited to software
products and services, which are (a) being offered for licensing or
sale by BSDI or (b) under development at or on behalf of BSDI. 
State the trade name of such product(s) or services and briefly
describe the type and function of such product(s) or services.

INTERROGATORY NO. 39:
          With respect to each product identified in response to
the foregoing interrogatory, state whether or not BSDI believes
that such product is, or in its final form is intended to be,
compatible with (a) UNIX operating system software or (b) any other
product licensed or sold by USL and/or AT&T.

INTERROGATORY NO. 40:
          With respect to each product identified in response to
Interrogatory No. 38, identify all persons or entities involved in
the development of such product, whether or not employed by BSDI. 
In addition to the information required by Instruction No. 2,
describe the contribution made or being made by each such person in
the technical development of each such product.

INTERROGATORY NO. 41:
          Identify all phone calls made to the telephone number
1-800 ITS UNIX.

INTERROGATORY NO. 42:
          Identify all persons or entities with knowledge of facts
concerning phone calls made to the telephone number 1-800-ITS UNIX,
including without limitation all persons involved in answering such
calls for or on behalf of BSDI.

INTERROGATORY NO. 43:
          Describe in detail the operation of BSDI's toll-free
telephone service which used the number 1-800 ITS UNIX, including
the name and business address of the telephone company providing
such service, and the location(s) to which calls made to the number
1-800 ITS UNIX were routed.

Dated:  Newark, New Jersey
	May 1, 1992


				Unix System Laboratratories, Inc.

By:
			Michael D. Loprete (MDL1695)
			CRUMMY, DEL DEO, DOLAN
				GRIFFINGER & VECCHIONE, P.C.
			One Riverfront Plaza
			Newark, New Jersey  07102
			(201) 596-4500


			and

By:

			George L. Graff
			James W. Kennedy
			Charles B. Ortner
			MILGRIM THOMAJAN & LEE P.C.
			53 Wall Street
			New York, New York 10005-2815
			(212) 858-5300

			Attorneys for Plaintiff 

Of Counsel:

Sanford Tannenbaum
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.
190 River Road
Summit, New Jersey  07901-1444
(908) 522-6666
