UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT

DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY

	UNIX SYSTEM LABORATORIES, INC.,
	               Plaintiff,	(DRD)

-against-	

	BERKELEY SOFTWARE DESIGN, INC., and
	the Following lndividuals in their Collective
	Capacity as THE REGENTS OF THE 
	UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA: PETE	
	WILSON, LEO T. MCCARTHY, WILLIE L.	
	BROWN, JR., et al.,
	     Defendants.

		Civil Action No.92-1667

MEMORANDUM OF LAW ON BEHALF OF DEFENDANT
BERKELEY SOFTWARE DESIGN, INC. IN FURTHER OPPOSITION
TO PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR PRELIMINARY INJUNCTION

JAMES H. FORTE (2248) 
SAIBER SCHLESINGER SATZ & GOLDSTEIN 
One Gateway Center 
Newark, New Jersey 07102-5311 
(201) 622-3333

LESLIE A. FITHIAN
HELLER, EHRMAN, WHITE & MCAULIFFE
525 University Avenue, 9th Floor
Palo Alto, California 94301
(415) 326-7600

Attorneys for Defendant Berkeley Software Design, Inc.

Scheduled Argument Date:
January 22, 1993


TABLE OF CONTENTS

TABLE OF AUTHORITIES . .

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... . . . . . .

ARGUMENT . . . . _ . . . . . . . . . . _ . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

	I. 	USL HAS NO VALID COPYRIGHT
		IN THE 32V CODE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

	II. 	THE HEADER FILES HAVE INDEED
		BEEN DISTRIBUTED IN BINARY
		RELEASES CONTAINING NO
		COPYRIGHT NOTICE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6

	III. 	USL HAS NOT ESTABLISHED INFRINGEMENT,
		BY DIRECT EVIDENCE OR OTHERWISE . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8

		A. 	USL Cannot Avoid The
			Substantial Similarity Test . . . . . . . . . . . .
8

		B. 	USL Cannot Meet The
			Substantial Similarity Test . . . . . . . . . . . 8

		C. 	The Similarities Upon Which USL
			Relies Are De Minimis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
16

	IV. 	THE UNIVERSITY'S AGREEMENTS WITH USL
		PRECLUDE USL'S TRADE SECRET CLAIM . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

	V. 	THE BALANCE OF HARM WEIGHS SHARPLY
		IN FAVOR OF DENIAL OF A
		PRELIMINARY INJUNCTION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

	CONCLUSION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
21


TABLE OF AUTHORITIES

Cases

Academy of Motion Picture Arts v. Creative
House, 944 F.2d 1446 (9th Cir. 1991) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5

Altai v. Computer Associates, 1992 WL 372273
(2d Cir. 1992) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8,13,1

Brown v. Tabb, 714 F.2d 1088 (11th Cir. 1983) . . . . . . . . . . . 5

DCI Computer Systems. Inc. v. Pardini,
1992 U.S. App. Lexis 29951;
1992 Copyright L. Rep. (CCH) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

Feist Publications. Inc. v. Rural Telephone
Service Co., 499 U.S. ___, 113 L. Ed.2d 358,
111 S.Ct. 1282 (1991) . . 	. . . . . . . . .	8

Hubco Data Products Corp. v. Management
Assistance. Inc., 219 U.S.P.Q. 450
(D. Idaho 1983) . . . . _ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

S.A.S. Institute, Inc. v. S&H Computer System. Inc., 
605 F. Supp. 816 (M.D. Tenn. 1985) . . . . . . . . . lS

SEGA Enterprises v. Accolade,
977 F.2d 1510 (9th Cir. 1992) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9,13,17

Shapiro & Son Bedspread Corp. v. Royal Mills,
568 F. Supp. 72 (S.D.N.Y. 1983) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

Videotronics, Inc. v. Bond Electronics,
586 F. Supp. 478 (D. Nev. 1984) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

White v. Kimmel, 193 F.2d 744 (9th Cir.), 
cert. denied, 343 U.S. 951 (1952) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

Other Authorities

Compendium of Copyright Office Practices, Section 325.02(c)

3 Nimmer on Copyright Section13.03(A) _ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

3 Nimmer on Copyright, Section13.01(B) . . . . . . . . . . . _ _ . .	3

3 Nimmer on Copyright, Section13.03(F) _ _ . . . . . . . . . . . . .


PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

USL has submitted over eighty pages in reply to BSDI 's opposition, 
much of which consists of new matter. USL appears to have 
abandoned most of its trade secret claim, now arguing only that the 
actual disclosure of any 32V code to nonlicensees violates the 
University's license agreements with USL. USL overlooks the 
provision in those agreements that explicitly excludes from the 
University's obligation of confidentiality any information that is 
generally known. Moreover, USL has failed to address the evidence 
submitted by BSDI and the University that all of the features USL 
has relied on are generally known. The new items discussed in the 
Carson affidavit likewise are unable to withstand scrutiny.

In seeking to salvage its nonexistent copyright claim, USL attempts 
to persuade this Court to abandon the well-established test for 
limited publication, even though courts have invariably upheld that 
test as applicable, both before and after the 1976 Copyright Act. All 
of the cases USL cites acknowledge this as the proper test. Nor can 
USL -- a company set up for the specific purpose of marketing UNIX 
source code for financial gain -- legitimately claim that it has 
offered its source code only to a limited group for a limited purpose.

Since USL has no copyright in 32V, the Court need not address the 
other issues with respect to USL's claim of infringement. Even if 
there were a copyright, moreover, USL has not established 
infringement. Contrary to USL's assertions, the deposition testimony 
of Kirk McKusick provides no admission of infringement. Even when 
there is direct evidence of copying, the substantial similarity test 
must still be met. USL has made no showing of quantitatively or 
qualitatively substantial similarity between 32V and Net2 or 
BSD/386.

Even if USL could establish substantial similarity, the scope of the 
injunction it is seeking is unconscionably overbroad. USL has no 
response to this charge other than to say that it is "premature." 
USL's Reply Brief at 2, n.3. In fact, it is USL's request for an 
injunction that is premature, since it has not met any of the 
requirements for obtaining such relief.

ARGUMENT

I.	USL HAS NO VALID COPYRIGHT IN THE 32V CODE

Ignoring all the case law to the contrary, USL argues that this Court 
should ignore the well-established test for compliance with the 
limited publication doctrine. USL has failed to cite a single case to 
support its argument that the Court should ignore this test. Indeed, 
even in the cases USL relies on, the courts invariably have adopted 
the three-pronged test set forth in White v. Kimmel, 193 F.2d 744 
(9th cir.), cert. denied, 343 U.S. 957 (1952), in which the Court held 
that restrictions on redisribution alone are not sufficient to meet 
the limited publication doctrine. See, e.g.,  Hubco Data Products Corp. 
v. Management Assistance, Inc., 219 U.S.P.Q. 450, 455 (D. Idaho 1983) 
("[The White v. Kimmel definition] of 'limited publication' remains 
valid for judging conduct occurring both before and after the 
copyright Act became effective in 1978"). [fn1]

  [fn1] If licensing restrictions were sufficient to make a 
publication limited, as USL argues, software would never be 
"published," since it is standard practice to license software 
pursuant to various restrictions on its use and further distribution. 
Yet, unlike the 32V source code, most software is distributed with a 
copyright notice.

USL would have this court ignore two of the three requirements for a 
limited publication -- the limited group and limited purpose 
requirements -- precisely because USL realizes that it cannot 
possibly meet those requirements. USL's 32V code has not been 
offered to a limited group for a limited purpose, but in its own 
words, has been marketed "to the commercial world". (see AT&T 
Technical Journal, p. 1573, Forte Decl. Exh. P; Thiel Dep. T. 31-4 to 
37-5, Forte Decl. Ex. A).

USL has struggled to find examples of instances in which it turned 
down a prospective customer, arguing that it had the discretion to 
enter into agreements or not. When a company markets a product, it 
always has the option of turning away a particular customer. But the 
fact that a few customers have been turned down for business 
reasons is hardly sufficient to make it a limited publication. To hold 
otherwise would be to turn the doctrine of limited publication on its 
head:  Rather than making its source code available to only a limited 
group, USL *has withheld it* only from a limited group,

USL's own documents belie its current attempt to portray its source 
code offering as limied. For example, USL's [TEXT OMITTED HERE]

....  Likewise, as noted above, in a journal published by AT&T, AT&T 
represented that UNIX source code has been "available to the 
commercial world." (See AT&T Technical Journal, p. 1573, Forte 
Decl. Exh. P). There was no hint in these documents that only a 
narrowly selected group within the commercial world could obtain 
the source code, and [TEXT OMITTED]

.... Thus, regardless of whether USL (like anyone selling a product) 
had the discretion to refuse prospective customer, the reality is 
that it has rarely done so.

USL also misconstrues the limited purpose requirement, focusing 
only on the purposes for which its licensees may use the code. 
Regardless of those restrictions, since USL's purpose in distributing 
the code has been to commercially exploit the code, it cannot meet 
the limited purpose requirement. See, e g., DCI Computer Systems. 
Inc. v Pardini, 1992 U.S. App. Lexis 29951; 1992 Copyright L. Rep. 
(CCH), par. 27,005 (9th Cir.) (limited purpose test not met where 
purpose of distribution was financial gain); Academy of Motion 
Picture Arts v Creative House, 944 F.2d 1446, 1453 (9th Cir. 1991) 
(limited purpose requirement met because commercial gain was 
incidental rather than direct); Brown v.Tabb, 714 F.2d 1088, 1091-
92 (11th Cir. 193) (commercially exploited work did not meet 
limited purpose test).

USL correctly points out that the purpose of the copyright law is to 
encourage authors to disseminate ideas. The point of the limited 
publication doctrine is to distinguish between instances in which 
the author of a work has chosen to take advantage of the benefit of 
commercial exploitation of copyrighted works and instances in 
which the author has instead chosen to forego such benefits by not 
seeking financial gain from distribution of work. Where an author 
chooses to widely disseminate his work for financial gain, as USL as 
done, he must meet the statutory requirements in order to claim 
copyright. USL, however, wants to have its cake and eat it too. One 
cannot market a product to the commercial world and 
simultaneously claim it is an unpublished work, simply to avoid the 
limitations and requirements imposed by copyright law. Thus, USL's 
argument on the limited purpose prong misses the point entirely.



II. 	THE HEADER FILES HAVE INDEED BEEN DISTRIBUTED
	IN BINARY RELEASES CONTAINING NO COPYRIGHT NOTICE

USL provides examples of instances in which binary distributions did 
have copyright notices, and states that it is unaware of 
distributions without a copyright notice. In fact, USL's binary 
distribution agreements from the early 1980s [TEXT OMITTED]

USL has submitted no evidence contradicting the testimony of Keith 
Bostic and Kirk McKusick that no copyright notices appeared in the 
early binary releases they saw. (See Bostic and McKusick Joint Decl.,  
28.4). In any event, USL relied solely on copyright notices that 
appeared on the "media" in which the code was contained, ignoring 
the fact that ordinary users of such software would never have seen 
the media, but rather, were permitted to access the code directly on 
the computer through timesharing arrangements, i.e., the software 
was to be used on computers which could be accessed by many 
different users who would never see the "medium" on which the code 
was originally stored.

	[fn2]  All citations to the Second Supplemental Declaration of 
James H. Forte shall be referred to as "Forte Sec. Supp. Decl."

To be effective, notice had to be given "in such a manner and location 
as to give reasonable notice" to the ordinary user. 17 U.S.C. Section 
401 (former version).  It is not sufficient to put a notice on a box 
that those actually using the software would never see. See Shapiro 
& son Bedspread Corp. v. Royal Mills, 568 F. Supp. 972, 975 (S.D.N.Y. 
1983) (notice on a wrapper or container which might not be seen by 
user is inadequate notice); Videotronics, Inc. v. Bond Electronics, 
586 F. Supp. 478, 42 (D. Nev. 1984) (notice appearing randomly on 
videoscreen is inadequate because it fails to give notice to each 
user).

Since even USL does not dispute the fact that these header files have 
been published and has failed to refute the evidence that they 
contained no visible copyright notice, USL cannot claim copyright 
protection in such files. In any event, these same header files also 
were included in the source code distributions of 32V. It is 
undisputed that such distributions contained no copyright notice. 
With respect to such distributions, USL relies only on its contention 
that its distribution of 32V source code was merely a limited 
publication -- an assertion that finds no support in the facts or the 
case law, as explained above.


III. 	USL HAS NOT ESTABLISHED INFRINGEMENT, BY
	DIRECT EVIDENCE OR OTHERWISE

Even assuming the existence of a valid copyright, USL has not shown 
a likelihood of success on its copyright claim. 

A. 	USL Cannot Avoid The Substantial Similarity Test

USL erroneously argues that evidence of direct copying renders 
unnecessary the "substantial similarity" analysis. his argument was 
rejected recently by the United States Supreme Court in Feist 
Publications, Inc., v. Rural Telephone Service Co., 113 L. Ed.2d 358 
(1991). As the Supreme Court held in that case, "[n]ot all copying ... 
is copyright infringement." See Altai v. Computer Associates, 1992 
WL 37223, at 20 (2d Cir. 1992) ("once some amount of copying has 
been established, it remains solely for the trier of fact to determine 
whether the copying as 'illicit'; "We have subsequently described 
this method of inquiry as 'merely an alternative way of formulating 
the issue of substantial similarity").

As Nimmer explains, "substantial similarity between the plaintiff 's 
and defendant's works is an essential element of actionable 
copying." 3 Nimmer on Copyright Section 13.03[A]. Thus, even if "one 
can conclude that, as a factual proposition, copying took place, ... the 
question still remains whether such copying is actionable." Id.  
13.01[B]. Thus, USL may not avoid the need to show substantial 
similarity in protectible expression. 

B. 	USL cannot Meet the Substantial Similarity Test

The testimony of Dr. McKusick, which USL quotes out of context, 
provides no evidence of infringement. As explained by Dr. McKusick 
in his Second Declaration,[fn3]  his testimony regarding reliance on 
the existence of pseudocode in reviewing Net2 involved a 
determination as to whether code implementing algorithms used in 
32V could be included, not whether 32V code itself could be 
included.  (See Second Bostic and McKusick Decl., Para 2.3). 
Algorithms are not even copyrightable (See Compendium of Copyright 
Office Practices,  325.02(c), Forte Decl. Exh. W); see also 3 Nimmer 
on Copyright, Section 13.3[F], at 13-85, n.289. To the extent any code 
was included based on the existence of pseudocode, it was not the 
32V code, but code written by the University and its contributors. 
(See Second Bostic and McKusick Decl., Para. 2.3).

USL also cites testimony of Dr. McKusick regarding his familiarity 
with 32V code. But mere familiarity with a work does not make 
one's later works infringing. Indeed actual reference to or use of a 
work in developing one's own code does not amount to copyright 
infringement. Such uses are exactly what the copyright law is 
designed to foster.  See, e.g., SEGA Enterprises v. Accolade, 977 F.2d 
1510, 1527 (9th Cir. 1992). Thus, this testimony is irrelevant to the 
question of whether NET2 or BSD/386 would infringe a copyright in 
32V (if one existed).

McKusick also testified that in programming one might reuse a four-
line piece of code, much like one might reuse a footnote. But 
McKusick was testifying hypothetically about common practices in 
programming, and not testifying to a particular event. (See Second 
Bostic and McKusick Decl., 2.4); see also 3 Nimmer on Copyright, 
Section 13.03[F], at 13-96 (Most programmers rely on a number of 
traditional solutions to recurring problems in their programming"). 
Thus, USL's reliance on this testimony as evidence of copying is 
misplaced.

  [fn3]  All citations to the Second Declaration of Keith Bostic and 
Marshall Kirk McKusick, which is being submitted on behalf o the 
defendant Regents of the University of California, shall be referred 
to as "Second Bostic and McKusick Decl."

In his Second Declaration, McKusick does note that after the Release 
of Net2, he discovered that a total of 56 lines of 32V code had been 
inadvertently included in the Net2 Kernel, scattered in 5 files; but 
he also demonstrates that those lines are not significant either 
quantitatively or qualitatively and they thus do not amount to 
copyright infringement, nor do they provide any basis for prohibiting 
use of other code, as to which there has been no showing of copying, 
de inimis or otherwise. Since the Net2 distribution was a 
combination of many programs and subprograms written by many 
people over a period of many years, even if USL could show copying 
of substantial expression in a particular piece of code, this would 
have no bearing on whether the remaining code -- written by 
different people at different times - was copied.

None of the testimony of Dr. McKusick upon which USL now relies 
concerned the particular features relied on by USL in it motion and 
addressed in David Kashtan's Affidavit. Thus, USL's attempt to 
dismiss the Kashtan Affidavit in light of this testimony is 
unavailing. While USL states that Kashtan concluded that "all of the 
remarkable textual similarities" found by Dr. Carson were standard 
and well-documented, in fact, Kashtan found those similarities 
unremarkable, and unreliable as proof of copying, given the fact that 
they are well-documented and widely known and used.

Out of the more than 1.5 million lines of code in BSD/86, in his 
initial affidavit, Dr. Carson pointed to no instances of similarity in 
the working code itself, other than a few isolated lines in two 
functions within a single file, which, as noted in the Kashtan 
Affidavit and in the Joint Declaration of Bostic and McKusick, 
evidence only the use of standard programming techniques to 
implement functions described in the available reference materials. 
There is no evidence to support Dr. Carson's conclusion that such 
code was copied.

Since defendants have rebutted all of the items relied on by Dr. 
Carson in his initial affidavit, he now attempts to rely on new 
evidence which has never before been disclosed to BSDI. Carson 
contends that he has provided only examples, but other than those 
examples he has proffered nothing more than unsupported conclusory 
statements. Nor is there any reason to believe that any such 
unidentified similarities would be any more probative than those 
USL has chosen to identify. To the extent USL has evidence it wants 
considered in this motion, it must place that evidence before the 
Court, and provide BSDI a fair opportunity to respond to the 
assumptions on which Carson's conclusions are based. Such 
conclusory allegations of unidentified similarities are not 
sufficient to support a motion for preliminary injunction.

In any event, USL's new evidence appears no more reliable than what 
it presented the first time around:

ACTUAL CODE. In actual working code, USL has identified only [TEXT 
OMITTED] identical lines in a particular file, [TEXT OMITTED] with no 
analysis as to whether those lines are significant in any way. (See 
Second Bostic and McKusick Decl., Para 6.1). In reality, those lines 
provide no particular value and are easily replaceable. Although they 
were inadvertently included in the Net2 release and can easily be 
removed from the release, they are a classic example of de minimis 
copying and thus provide no basis for a finding of infringement.

In an attempt to avoid disclosing how little similarity actually 
exists in the code, USL's expert makes vague references to other 
unidentified similarities. In reality, only 56 lines out of the 230,995 
lines in the Net2 kernel re common to 32V. (See Second Bostic and 
McKusick Decl., 2.1-.1.5). These common lines do no appear together; 
but rather are interspersed in only 5 of the Kernel files. In each of 
these instances, the small piece of common code is completely 
trivial and cannot be considered a taking of any substantial 
protectible expression from 32V. (Id.).

COMMENTS. USL also relies on a small number of identical comments, 
which consist of short, fragmentary phrases describing the function 
performed by a piece of code. They are not part of the code itself, 
have no role in the operation of the program and are not protectible 
as "original expressions of authorship. " (See second Bostic and 
McKusick Decl. Paras. 6.2, 14.1.A, 15.5; see also BSDI's Memorandum 
of Law in opposition to USL's motion and cases cited therein). 
Moreover, the range of expression in such comments is extremely 
limited since they are entirely descriptive of a narrow idea, i.e., the 
function performed by a small piece of code. For this reason as well, 
they are not protectible. See Altai, 1992 WL 372273 at 14; SEGA 
Enterprises, 977 F.2d at 1524, n 7.

CPIO. USL also relies on use of the CPIO file in Net2 as evidence of 
copying.  Curiously, although Carson characterizes it as the most 
"extreme" example of copying, he failed to even mention it in his 
initial Affidavit. He failed to mention it for good reason, since it 
was included in Net2 only after USL representatives urged the 
University to use CPIO in its releases in place of another routine 
called TAR, which the University had previously used to perform the 
same function. USL made this request specifically because it wanted 
CPIO to become a standard . The University had no particular interest 
in changing from the AR format to the CPIO format, since the TAR 
format is superior. At the request of USL, however, the University 
agreed to use CPIO instead. (See Second Bostic and McKusick Decl ., 
16  3 ) .
These facts were well-known to USL and its counsel since Kirk 
McKusick testified to them at his deposition, yet USL never mentions 
them in its reply papers, disingenuously implying that the presence 
of CPIO is simply an example of surreptitious copying. Thus, USL's 
reliance on the inclusion of CPIO as evidence o copying is a 
deliberate misrepresentation of the facts.

HEADER FILES. With the exception of a couple of comments and the 
few lines of identical code discussed above, all the features USL 
relies on are in header files. For the most part, USL relies on nothing 
more than common mnemonics that are well-known and well-
documented. These interfaces are provided in header files and in a 
variety of programmer's reference materials, precisely so that they 
can be used in developing compatible software, and they have 
historically been so used with no objection from USL or its 
predecessors. (See Second Bostic and McKusick Decl., 6.4; Bostic and 
McKusick Decl., 28.3 28.7). Thus, such use cannot form the basis for 
an infringement action.

Although Richard Hamilton admits that [TEXT OMITTED]

In making this argument, he ignores the fact that those programs are 
more limited in scope than Net2, do not contain all o the same 
functionality, and make no attempt to be compatible with device 
drivers written for use with UNIX-compatible programs. (See Second 
Bostic and McKusick Decl., Paras.17-34)

He ignores, however, numerous other documents that identify the 
remaining.file names. The other arguments made hy Carson and 
Hamilton with respect to the header files are equally specious as 
explained in detail in the Supplemental Declaration of Bostic and 
McKusick. (See generally Second Bostic and McKusick Decl.) 

C. 	The Similarities Upon Which USL Relies Are De Minimis

USL makes a half-hearted attempt to argue that the specifics relied 
on by Dr. Carson are not de minimis, but neglects to provide any 
facts to support this conclusory assertion. In reality, USL has 
identified only a small number of lines of working code that are 
identical or similar to lines in 32V. As explained in BSDI's 
opposition papers, some of these lines of similarity are to be 
expected in light of standard programming techniques and other 
available reference materials, and provide n evidence that those 
lines were copied, much less any evidence f copying elsewhere in 
Net2. The others, as explained in the Second Bostic and McKusick 
Declaration, were inadvertently included and are trivial both 
quantitatively and qualitatively.

USL's reliance on S.A.S. Institute, Inc. v. SH Computer System. Inc_, 
605 F_ Supp. 816 (M.D. Tenn_ 1989), is misplaced. In that case, the 
court found that those particular lines were qualitatively 
significant, not quantitativelysignificant. See S.A.S. Institute, 605 . 
Supp. at 829.  Likewise, in the other cases on which USL seeks to 
rely, there was a showing that the specific code copied was 
qualitatively significant. Although USL argues that the kernel as ,a 
whole is significant, it makes no attempt to argue that the specific 
lines of identical or similar code at issue in this case are 
significant. In reality they have no special significance and are 
easily replaced with no effect whatsoever on the operation of the 
files at issue. (See generally Second Bostic and McKusick Decl.)

Lacking any similarity in the actual code that is not completely 
trivial, Carson relies instead on similarities in unprotectible 
function names and constant definitions, which as explained in 
BSDI's and the University's opposition papers and supporting 
affidavits, consist of well-known abbreviations or "mnemonics," 
commonly used in UNIX-compatible programs. Dr. Carson provides no 
support for an argument that such names are either a quantitatively 
or qualitatively significant portion of he 32V source code. Thus, 
there is no basis for a finding of infringement based on the use of 
such mnemonics. See Altai, supra, 1992 WL 372273 at 22 (use of a 
few similar parameter lists and macros "did not warrant a finding of 
infringement given their relative contribution to the overall 
program"); see also SEGA Enterprises, 977 F.2d a 1516, 1524, n.7 
(admitted copying of header file containing interface needed for 
compatibility did no give rise to a claim for copyright infringement).

IV. 	THE UNIVERSITY'S AGREEMENTS WITH USL PRECLUDE
	USL'S TRADE SECRET CLAIM

At least for purposes of this motion, USL has not disputed the 
defendants' interpretation of its license agreements with USL, and 
appears to have abandoned its claim that any familiarity with the 
UNIX source code is sufficient to taint programmers writing their 
own code. [fn4]   Thus, the only issue is whether any trade secrets 
contained in USL's source code were disclosed to non-licensees. 
Faced with overwhelming evidence to the contrary, USL also appears 
to have abandoned the contention that the methods and concepts used 
in UNIX source code are trade secrets .

  [fn4]   Although USL has modified its prayer for relief in its 
proposed Second Amended Complaint, in its proposed order 
submitted with this motion, USL requests the Court to enjoin BSDI 
from employing any programmers that have had access to UNIX 
source code.

USL's only remaining argument -- that disclosure of *any* USL code 
to non-licensees violates the University's license agreement -- 
totally ignores Section 7.05(a) of the E-SOFT-0089 Agreement (and 
the identical provisions in the earlier agreements). (See Exh. D-25 to 
the Bond Deposition Transcript, Forte Decl. Exh. F). That section 
expressly excludes from the duty of nondisclosure any licensed 
information that is or later becomes generally known. Thus, the 
University had no obligation to limit disclosure to generally known 
code, methods or concepts. As established in the Bostic and 
McKusick Declarations and the Kashtan Affidavit, USL has not 
demonstrated that any of the similarities relied on by Dr. Carson 
were secret at the time Net2 was released.  Rather, all of those 
elements were well-documented in publicly available reference 
materials.

USL's argument that defendants have not shown that those materials 
were actually relied on in developing Net2 misses the point, since 
the University's obligation of nondisclosure did not apply to any 3-14; Bostic and McKusick Decl., Paras. 2-
2.13; Second Bostic and McKusick Decl., Para. 15.4).

USL's arguments regarding the advantages one would have had in 
working on such code as a result of access to or familiarity with 
USL licensed code are simply irrelevant in that the license 
agreements prohibit only disclosure of works that actually 
contained USL proprietary information, and exclude from the 
obligation of confidentiality any information that is or becomes 
generally known.

Since USL chose to disclose its source code to student programmers 
throughout the world, encouraged its use among such students for 
educational purposes, and has licensed its source code to all the 
major competitors in the computer industry, as a practical matter, 
mere familiarity with UNIX source code provides no special 
advantage not shared by the industry as a whole.

V.	THE BALANCE OF HARM WEIGHS SHARPLY IN FAVOR
	OF DENIAL. OF A PRELIMINARY INJUNCTION

USL admits that only a small portion of the Net2 release is even 
accused in this motion. Even within the kernel, USL points only to a 
few lines of actual code in a couple of files, which lines are both 
quantitatively and qualitatively insignificant. USL's concern about 
comments is ludicrous, since the use of any particular phrase to 
describe the function performed by a portion of the code provides no 
advantage whatsoever.  USL's real goal is to bar any significant 
competition by preventing the use of standard file names and 
mnemonics in interfaces that are required in order to make the 
operating system compatible with other computer programs --
mnemonics that are not even protectible under copyright law and are 
well-documented and available for use by all programmers. 
Moreover, since USL has no copyright in the 32V code, the court need 
not even address these issues.

Based on such flimsy arguments, USL asks this Court to put BSDI out 
of business (which would mean instant unemployment for all of its 
employees), without even granting it the right of a trial   USL asks 
the Court to do this simply to sen a message to the thousands of 
individuals that already have the Net2 release.  No such message is 
necessary. The existence of USL's challenge to Net2 is already well-
known in the industry, and has had an inhibiting effect.  USL will 
suffer no harm if BSDI is permitted to remain in business long 
enough to complete discovery and present its case at trial.

On the other hand, a grant of USL's motion will not only destroy BSDI 
and prevent it from having the financial means to defend itself, but 
also will cast a pall over the entire industry by locking up 
information that has long been in the public domain. Thus, USL 
cannot show any compelling need for preliminary relief, and 
particularly cannot show any harm outweighing the harm to BSDI 
should the far-reaching injunction it seeks be granted.

CONCLUSION

In seeking to enjoin BSD/386, USL attempts to prevent BSDI from 
using thousands of files as to which USL has submitted no evidence 
whatsoever, most of which it admits are not even accused. Even 
within the kernel, USL accuses only a small number of files, with no 
showing that any substantial, protectible expression has been 
copied. Since USL does not even have a valid copyright in 32V, 
moreover, these issues are moot.  USL's trade secret claim likewise 
is completely unsupported.  USL's only remaining argument ignores 
the plain language of the licensing agreements, which do not require 
that the University limit disclosure of information that is already 
generally known.

For all the reasons set forth above and in the the papers submitted 
by BSDI and the University in opposition to USL's motion, USL's 
request for a preliminary injunction should be denied. 

Respectfully submitted,

SAIBER SCHLESINGER SATZ
 & GOLDSTEIN
Attorneys for Defendant Berkeley Software Design, Inc.

By:
JAMES H. FORTE
A Member of the Firm 
Dated: January 20, 1993 

Of Counsel:

Leslie A. Fithian, Esq. 
Heller, Ehrman, White & McAulife 
525 University Avenue, 9th Floor 
Palo Alto, California 94301

