
                   UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                  FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY


___________________________________
                                   )
UNIX SYSTEM LABORATORIES, INC.     )
                                   )
               Plaintiff,          )
                                   )    Civ. No. 92-1667
vs.                                )      O P I N I O N
                                   )
BERKELEY SOFTWARE DESIGN, INC.,    )
and certain named individuals in   )
their collective capacity as The   )
Regents of the University of       )
California,                        )
                                   )
               Defendants.         )
___________________________________)


Attorneys for Plaintiff

Crummy, Del Deo, Dolan, Griffinger & Vecchione, P.C.
One Riverfront Plaza
Newark, NJ  07102
By:  Gary F. Werner, Esq.

Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker
399 Park Avenue
NY, NY  10022
By:  George L. Graff, Esq.
     James W. Kennedy, Esq.


Attorneys for Defendant Regents of the University of California

Crosby, Heafey, Roach & May
1999 Harrison Street
Oakland, CA  94612
By:  Joel Linzner, Esq.

Post, Polak & Goodsel
280 Corporate Center
65 Livingston Avenue
Roseland, New Jersey  07068
By:  Frederick B. Polak, Esq.

Attorneys for Defendant Berkeley Software Design, Inc.

Saiber Schlesinger Satz & Goldstein
One Gateway Center
Newark, NJ 07102-5311
By: James H. Forte, Esq.


Debevoise, District Judge.
          Plaintiff UNIX System Laboratories, Inc. instituted this
action to seek relief from Defendants' ongoing distribution of
computer software in alleged violation of USL's proprietary rights
in the UNIX operating system.  Plaintiff pleads eleven claims for
relief, including federal copyright and trademark claims, and state
contract, tort, and trademark dilution claims.  Defendants now move
(i) to dismiss, for lack of personal jurisdiction because Defendant
Regents lack capacity to be sued and because of improper venue;
(ii) to transfer because of improper venue and inconvenience; and
(iii) to strike parts of the pleadings.  Plaintiff cross-moves to
amend its complaint and for a preliminary injunction.  This court
has subject matter jurisdiction pursuant to 15 U.S.C.  1121(a)
(jurisdiction over actions under Chapter 22 (Trademarks) of Title
15); 28 U.S.C.  1331 (federal question), 1332 (diversity), and
1338 (copyrights and trademarks); and supplemental jurisdiction
over Plaintiff's state law claims, 28 U.S.C.  1367(a).
                      I.  STATEMENT OF FACTS
          Plaintiff UNIX System Laboratories ("USL") is a Delaware
corporation and majority-owned subsidiary of American Telephone and
Telegraph Company ("AT&T"), with its principal place of business in
Summit, New Jersey.   Plaintiff develops, manufactures, licenses,
and sells computer operating systems and related products and
services.  Plaintiff is also the present assignee of AT&T's rights
to UNIX, the computer software at the heart of this dispute. 
Defendant Berkeley Software Designs, Inc. ("BSDI") is a
recently-formed Delaware corporation with its principal place of
business in Richmond Falls, Virginia.  BSDI someday plans to
develop, manufacture, and sell computer operating systems like
Plaintiff.  Defendant individuals are members of the Board of
Regents (the "Regents") of the University of California
("Berkeley").  The Regents are a non-profit public corporation
organized to administer the University of California pursuant to
the California constitution, art. 9  9, and California state law.
          The central issue here is whether Defendants BSDI and
Regents appropriated parts of Plaintiff's allegedly proprietary
program "UNIX," and then used and distributed these parts without
authorization in violation of Plaintiff's copyrights and trade
secrets.  UNIX is a computer operating system; that is, it is a
software program that oversees a computer's internal and external
activities, including processing, resource allocation,
communications, and applications use.  AT&T's Bell Laboratories
developed UNIX in the 1970s, and registered the name UNIX as
Trademark No. 1,392,203 on May 6, 1986.  (1st Am. Compl. Ex. B.)  
In addition, AT&T has received copyright certificates of
registration on UNIX software and documentation for the Fifth
through Seventh Editions and for version 32V. (Id., Exs. C-F.)
          Before exploring the details of Plaintiff's allegations,
it is important to step back and appreciate the importance of UNIX
in the world of computing.  All parties agree that UNIX is one of
the most highly-regarded operating systems in the world.  Numerous
treatises, courses, graduate student theses, and research projects
have investigated, expounded, and improved upon UNIX.  In addition,
programmers at Microsoft, Sun Microsystems, Digital, IBM, and
elsewhere have all developed their own UNIX-like, UNIX-compatible
operating systems (some under license by Plaintiff). (Carson Reply
Aff. at  11-12.)
          After developing UNIX in late 1960s and early 1970s, AT&T
quickly began licensing UNIX to educational, government, and
commercial users, including Berkeley.  Berkeley and AT&T apparently
collaborated on UNIX's development at least in the early years,
with AT&T personnel often visiting Berkeley for consultations.  The
parties executed their first UNIX licensing agreement in 1973, and
by 1979 the parties had executed their first agreement covering the
software that Plaintiff now seeks to protect, UNIX version 32V. 
The parties' most recent 32V agreement is the Educational Software
License Agreement, or E-SOFT-00089, executed in 1985 ("the 00089
agreement"). (Forte Aff., Ex. F.)  The 00089 agreement permits
the Regents to create derivatives of UNIX and, to the extent that
the derivatives are free of proprietary information, to distribute
them without restriction. 
          In addition to its source code, AT&T also prepared and
distributed copies of 32V object code beginning in 1984.  Object
code is simply the source code translated into the form recognized
by computer hardware, a binary sequence of Os and 1s.  Although
readable by computers, sequences of Os and 1s are generally
inscrutable to humans.  Relying on this inscrutability for
protection from disclosure, AT&T has distributed 32v object code
publicly subject to notice of copyright but without redistribution
restrictions (Pferrer Reply Decl. at  4).
          Berkeley, a recipient of 32V source code, exercised its
contractual right to derivative 32V to the hilt.  It began to
create its own embellishments and additions, which it called
Berkeley Software Distributions ("BSD") releases, and distributed
them via the Regents' Computer Sciences Research Group ("CSRG"). 
In the early 1980s, Berkeley only distributed the releases to other
licensees (which now number in the thousands) because the releases
contained proprietary code governed by Berkeley's license with
AT&T.  But demand for the releases from unlicensed users grew, so
Berkeley began distributing reacted releases with the proprietary
material allegedly removed.  These releases included the operating
system at the heart of the present dispute, Net2, which Plaintiff
has alleged violates its proprietary rights in 32V.
          Net2 apparently began as a project to develop a UNIX-like
product devoid of AT&T proprietary code.  This product contained
both non-proprietary software from the BSD releases and software
written specifically for Net2, sometimes by volunteers. (Kennedy
Aff., Ex. 6.)  To guarantee that no proprietary code remained, CSRG
screened and eliminated overlapping code sections in accordance
with criteria developed together with Berkeley's legal counsel.  In
addition, Berkeley "repeatedly contacted the USL licensing office,
in an attempt to have them review software we intended to
distribute." (McKusick Decl. at 8.)  Plaintiff allegedly refused to
cooperate, although it had performed similar services for others.
          Berkeley's decision to excise AT&T's code was motivated
by several related concerns.  First, the University of California
received substantial benefits by being the center of UNIX software
development, benefits that would increase if it could expand the
family of UNIX users by extending UNIX to non-licensees (Ibid.);
second, the cost of an AT&T UNIX license had increased to around
$200,000, excluding all but the largest users (Ibid.); third, the
Net2 version of UNIX would offer new and improved services (Keith
Bostic, Marshall K. McKusick, & Michael J. Karels, Berkeley UNIX
Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow, in Kennedy Aff. Ex. 8); and finally,
the CSRG programmers, at least those who founded BSDI (Karels,
McKusick, and Bostic), presumably saw in Net2 an opportunity to
profit from the widespread interest in UNIX-like systems.
          The end result of Berkeley's efforts was a product that,
by all accounts, contains a very small proportion of 32V code.  But
this is not to say that Net2 fails to display its 32V roots. 
Plaintiff hired Professor John Carson to unearth these roots and,
after over 400 hours of digging, Professor Carson has now
identified a number of instances where 32V code is embedded in the
Net2 system.  (Carson Aff. at  13.) The legal significance of this
code is, of course, a matter of dispute. 
          To begin with, it is important to compare Net2
side-by-side with 32V.  Net2 has far outgrown 32V and now weighs in
at nearly ten times the size of its parent.  The alleged overlaps
between parent and child probably amount to less than a percent of
the total.  (Joint Decl. at  12, 13.) Indeed, ignoring header
files and comments (see below), the overlap in the critical
"kernel" region is but 56 lines out of 230,9995, and the overlap
elsewhere is 130 lines out of 1.3 million.  However, as both sides
argue (but to different effect), the nature of the overlap is more
significant than its size.
          According to Professor Carson, eighty of the 8,000 Net2
files are "littered with textual references which are or (sic)
identical or substantially similar to corresponding textual matter
in the UNIX/32V source code." (Ibid.)  These textual overlaps
include variable and parameter names, function names, the text of
noncoding comments, and the actual sequence of the instruction code
itself. (Id. at  23.) Most of these textual references are
concentrated in files in the "kernel" of Net2, "which forms the
central core of the operating system-" (Id. at  14.)
          To understand the functional importance of this overlap,
it is necessary to understand its nature.  Overlap in items such as
variable, file, and function names is functionally irrelevant to
the program insofar as the program is wholly self-referential.
          That is, is a programmer could name a variable or
function anything at all without disabling the program, as long as
the program did not interface with other programs.  But once a
program interfaces with another program, the file, function, or
variable names can become significant.  The two programs may have
certain files, functions, or variables in common, and these must
have the same names in order for the programs to interface. 
Programs written to run with a UNIX-like operating system have now
became so common that industry standards govern the requirements of
UNIX interfaces.
          For example, the UNIX operating systems contain files
called "header" files.  Header files are repositories of common
definitions and declarations.  If a programmer knows that an
operating system contains a certain header file, then the
programmer can simply refer to the header file and avoid
reproducing all of the definitions and declarations.  Of course,
such a program can only run with an operating system having the
proper header files.  Therefore, Defendants have included 32V's
header files in Net2 as a matter of necessity, to insure that the
many programs written for UNIX-like systems will be compatible with
Net2.
          Another type of overlap identified by Professor Carson is
overlap in code instructions.  Code instructions embody and
implement the programmer's solution to a programming problem ~ a
solution that directly determines how well or how poorly the
program runs.  Professor Carson has found several sections of
instructions that BSDI appears to have copied from 32V.  Again,
BSDI argues that these instructions are widespread and
well-documented, and that their structure is substantially dictated
by the need to preserve compatibility with other programs (Joint
Decl. at  53-61.)
          The final type of overlap identified by Professor Carson
is "comment" overlap.  All computer programs contain short
explanatory comments annotating the code in which they are
embedded.  The function of these comments is simply to inform
programmers of the purpose and operation of particular sections of
code.  Comments have no role whatsoever in software performance.
          In summary, Professor Carson has examined the traits
shared by Net2, BSD/386, and 32V, and detected a common lineage. 
Defendants argue that virtually all of these traits reflect
publicly available code, copied comments, or overlap dictated by
compatibility with industry standards.  Professor Carson disagrees,
and has allegedly identified at least some overlapping files that
are irrelevant to program interfacing.  (Carson Reply Aff. at 
6(d), 8-15.)
          Berkeley began licensing and distributing Net2 in June
1991.  Plaintiff has alleged that the "highest levels," meaning
persons reporting directly to the Regents, approved Net2's release.
(E.g. Proposed 2d Am. Compl. at  2, 9, 38, 64, 72, 89, 103.) 
Indeed, Plaintiff has alleged that the University Chancellor
himself approved Net2's release.  (Kennedy Aff.  16.)
          In soliciting new licensees, Berkeley distributed
promotional materials stating that Net2 "may be freely
redistributed.  It is available to anyone and requires no previous
license, either from AT&T or The Regents of the University of
California." (Bostic Dep. at 76, Kennedy Aff. Ex. 3K.)  According
to Mr. Bostic, a member of CSRG, promotional materials were mailed
to firms in New Jersey, although no New Jersey firms were among the
approximately 120 firms that signed a licensing agreement to use
Net2.
          An early Net2 licensee was UUNET, an electronic
information exchange for people interested in UNIX.  (Adams Dep. at
149, Kennedy Aff. Ex. 12.  UUNET added Net2 to its standard
archives, enabling any subscriber to UUNET to freely and
anonymously copy Net2 to their own computer system.  When asked the
number of people who had copied Net2 from UUNET, Mr. Bostic replied
that "I've been told it's in the tens of thousands."  (Bostic Dep.
at 81, Id.).  UUNET is available to hundreds of thousands of users
worldwide, including users in New Jersey.  (Rorke Aff.  1-4.)
          One organization that obtained Net2 from UUNET was BSDI. 
(Adams Dep. at 149, Kennedy Aff. Ex. 12.)  BSDI, which is not
licensed by AT&T to use UNIX, used Net2 to create its sole product,
the operating system BSD/386 Source.  (Ans. & Countercl. at
 5-6.) BSDI is now close to bringing BSD/386 to market, having
distributed preliminary "alpha," "beta," and "gamma" versions of
BSD/386 as well as promotional literature.  This literature states
that BSD/386 Source "contains no AT&T licensed code" and "does not
require a license from AT&T."  (1st Am. Compl. Ex. I.)
                      II.  PROCEDURAL HISTORY
          Plaintiff filed its complaint in this action on April 20,
1992.  On April 29, the parties agreed to a court-ordered
stipulation that BSDI would cease using the phone number
"1-800-ITS-UNIX".  Plaintiff filed its First Amended Complaint on
July 24, and on the same date Defendants' motion to dismiss Counts
Ten and Eleven were denied.  Defendants answered on September 3 and
counterclaimed for declarations of noninfringement,
unenforceability, and invalidity of Plaintiff's trademark and
copyrights in the UNIX name and materials.  Plaintiff replied on
September 25, and subsequently moved for a preliminary injunction. 
The motion for an injunction was adjourned and consolidated with
the present motions.
                         III.  DISCUSSION
          Defendants move for relief on three separate grounds: 
this complaint should be dismissed against the individual Regents
pursuant to Rules 12(b) and 12(f) of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure, because the individual Regents lack the capacity to be
sued; Plaintiff has no personal jurisdiction over the University of
California; and venue in New Jersey is improper under 28 U.S.C.
 1391.  Plaintiff cross-moves to amend its complaint, in part to
correct some of the defects asserted by Defendants, and for a
preliminary injunction.
                  A.  Plaintiff's Motion To Amend
          Plaintiff cross-moves to amend its complaint pursuant to
Rule 15(a) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.  Rule 15(a)
states that, in cases where the adverse party has served a
responsive pleading, "a party may amend the party's pleading only
by leave of court or by written consent of the adverse party; and
leave shall be freely given when justice so requires."
          The Supreme Court has held that:
          [i]n the absence of any apparent or declared reason ~
          such as undue delay, bad faith or dilatory motive on the
          part of the movant, repeated failure to cure deficiencies
          by amendments previously allowed, undue prejudice to the
          opposing party by virtue of allowance of the amendment,
          futility of amendment, etc. ~ the leave sought should, as
          the rules require, be "freely given."

Foman v. Davis, 371 U.S. 178, 182 (1962).

          Plaintiff seeks to amend its complaint to add allegations
of wrongdoing on the part of the individual Plaintiffs (e.g.
Proposed 2d Am. Compl. at  2, 9, 38, 64, 72, 89, 103); factual
allegations concerning the University's distribution of its Net2
code to persons in New Jersey (e.g. Id., at  41, 43, 44); and
allegations of willfulness on the part of the University and BSDI
(e.g. Id. at  50, 63-66).  In addition, Plaintiff wishes to
change the named Defendants from "the Following Individuals in
their Collective Capacity as The Regents etc." to "The Regents of
the University of California and the Following Persons in their
Individual and Official Capacity etc."
          There is no evidence that Plaintiff is seeking a second
amendment of its complaint for reasons of bad faith and delay. 
Plaintiff is simply trying to meet Defendant's objections to the
present complaint, to insert new factual matters learned through
discovery, and to clarify the nature of its claims.  Moreover, the
proposed amendments cause no prejudice to Defendants.  The
amendments do not eliminate claims which the Defendants have
expended time and resources to rebut, nor do the amendments
drastically alter the expected costs of defense, length of the
action, or nature of the complaint.  Consequently, I grant
Plaintiff's motion for leave to amend.
        B.  Defendant Regents Lack The Capacity To Be Sued
          Defendants argue that Plaintiff "has chosen to
incorrectly name individual Regents of the University of
California, 'in their collective capacity,' rather than the legal
entity known as the [sic] 'The Regents of the University of
California' as required by federal and state law."  (Defs.'s Supp'g
Br. at 5.)  In addition, Defendants argue that "Plaintiff has not
stated any facts which would support a claim against individual
Regents," and that "claims against individuals acting in their
official governmental capacities may be barred by qualified
immunities."  (Defs.'s Supp'g Br. at 6-8.)  Defendants base these
arguments in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and the
California constitution.
          Plaintiff's Second Amended Complaint answers Defendants,
"collective capacity, objection by expressly naming the Regents of
the University of California as Defendants.  Defendants' other
objection, that Plaintiff has improperly named the individual
Regents, needs no answer.  Defendants have not elaborated on their
one-sentence suggestion that Plaintiff has failed to state a claim
against these Defendants.
          Accordingly, I must deny Defendants' motions to dismiss
all claims against the individual Regents and to strike the related
matters from the pleadings.
            C.  Personal Jurisdiction Over The Regents
          Defendants also allege that this action must be dismissed
for lack of jurisdiction over "the University."  The Second Amended
Complaint no longer names "the university" per se, instead naming
the Regents in their corporate, official, and individual
capacities.  Consequently, this motion will be treated as a motion
to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction over the Regents as named in
the Second Amended Complaint.
          This court has personal jurisdiction over a defendant if
the exercise of personal jurisdiction complies with the laws of New
Jersey, Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e), and does not violate due process.
International Shoe Co. v. Washington, 326 U.S. 310 (1945) (the
fourteenth amendment limits state long-arm statutes); Provident
National Bank v. California Federal Savings & Loan Ass'n, 819 F.2d
434, 436 (3d Cir. 1987) (citing Rule 4(e) and International Shoe). 
The due process clause permits a court to exercise jurisdiction
over a party whenever the party has "certain minimum contacts with
[the forum] such that the maintenance of the suit does not offend
'traditional notions of fair play and substantial justice.'"
International Shoe, 326 U.S. at 316.
          The dual considerations of state law and Constitutional
limits coincide in New Jersey because New Jersey's long-arm statute
reaches as far as the due process clause of the Fourteenth
Amendment permits.  Carteret Savings Bank, FA v. Shushan, 954 F.2d
141 (3d Cir.), cert. denied, ___ U.S. ___, 113 S.Ct. 61 (1992)
(citing New Jersey Court Rule 4:4-4, which permits service
"consistent with due process of law"); Charles Gendler & Co., Inc.
v. Telecom Equip. Corp., 102 N.J. 460, 469 (1986) (Rule 4:4-4
allows "'out-of-state service to the uttermost limits permitted by
the United States Constitution'", citing Avdel Corp. v. Mecure, 58
N.J. 264, 268 (1971)); Giangola v. Walt Disney World Co., 753
F. Supp. 148, 154 (D.N.J. 1990) (New Jersey's long-arm statute
extends to the limits of the U.S. Constitution).
          If a defendant raises the issue of personal jurisdiction,
the plaintiff bears the burden of establishing that the defendant's
contacts with the forum state comport with the requirements of due
process.  "To carry this burden, plaintiff must show `with
reasonable particularity' that the forum, and thus the court, has
either:  (1) specific jurisdiction (where the cause of action arose
from the defendant's activities within the forum state), or
(2) general jurisdiction (derived from defendant's continuous and
systematic conduct in the forum state)."  Giangola, 753 F.Supp. at
154 (citing Provident National Bank, 819 F.2d at 437).
          Once a court has found that a defendant's contacts with
the forum state are significant enough to confer jurisdiction on
the forum, "in appropriate cases" the court may evaluate other
factors.  Burger King, 471 U.S. at 476-77.  These include the
"`burden on defendant,' `the forum State's interest in adjudicating
the dispute,' 'the plaintiff's interest in obtaining convenient and
effective relief,' `the interstate judicial system's interest in
obtaining the most efficient resolution of controversies,' and the
`shared interest of the several States in furthering fundamental
substantive social policies.'"  Id. at 477, citing World-Wide
Volkswagen Corp. v. Woodson, 444 U.S. 286, 292 (1980).
          To apply these principles in the present case, it is
first necessary to briefly review the connections between the
various defendants and the alleged wrongdoing.  Plaintiff's
allegations against the Regents, in their various capacities, stem
from the release of Net2 by the CSRG, a group affiliated with the
University of California.  The Regents, in their corporate
capacity, are apparently liable under a theory of respondent
superior for the activities of CSRG.  In their official and
individual capacities, the Regents are apparently liable in so far
as they authorized, knew of, or reasonably should have known of
Net2's release.  Thus Plaintiff can satisfy the burden of providing
jurisdiction by showing with "reasonable particularity" that CSRG's
acts bring it within this court's jurisdictional ambit, and that
the Regents approved those acts.
          Plaintiff points to several different activities by the
University of California that give this court specific jurisdiction
over the Regents' alleged misdeeds.  The first of these activities
was the negotiation and execution of licensing agreements between
Plaintiff and the University:  "the University `reached out beyond'
California and knowingly contracted to obtain and use . . .
software developed in New Jersey" (Pl.'s Opp'g Br. at 19, citing
Burger Kinq v. Rudzewicz, 471 U.S. 462, 476 (1985).)
          The Supreme Court analyzed a similar issue of personal
jurisdiction in the seminal case Burger King v. Rudzewicz.  In
Burger King, the Michigan defendant Rudzewicz had contracted with
the Florida corporation Burger King for a restaurant franchise near
Detroit.  Business lagged at the restaurant, and when Rudzewicz was
unable to meet the lease payments, Burger King brought an action
for eviction in the Southern District of Florida.  Although
Rudzewicz's manager had trained at Burger King headquarters in
Florida, Rudzewicz himself had apparently never even visited there. 
None the less, the Court found that the Southern District of
Florida had personal jurisdiction over Rudzewicz because the
contract had substantial connections with Florida and because
Rudzewicz had purposefully reached out and availed himself of the
benefits of a continuing relationship with a citizen of Florida.
          The Third Circuit has also found personal jurisdiction in
cases where a contract provided the defendant's only contacts with
the forum state.  In Associated Business Telephone Systems v.
Greater Capital Corp., 861 F.2d 793 (3d Cir. 1988), the court found
jurisdiction in New Jersey over a California company that had
contracted with a New Jersey company for telephone services for an
Illinois hotel.  Following the methodology prescribed in Burger
King, the court examined the connections between the contract and
New Jersey; (1) the defendant had created long-term (ten-year)
obligations between itself and the New Jersey plaintiff; (2) the
plaintiff would be the exclusive contractor and manager of the
phone system, with 24-hour access to it; (3) all communications
with the plaintiff were with its New Jersey office; (4) the
plaintiff continually monitored phone usage in New Jersey; (5) the
plaintiff had the power to unilaterally disconnect the defendant;
(6) the plaintiff sent its personnel to the defendant's offices;
and (7) the defendant knew that its acts would cause injury in New
Jersey.
          The contractual contacts here arise out of Count One, a
count that names the Regents in all their capacities.  The contacts
are less substantial than those in Burger King and Associated
Business, but a side-by-side comparison between the contacts here
and those in Associated Business listed above shows that the
contacts here are not insignificant. (1) Defendants knowingly
entered into a relationship with a New Jersey facility that has now
lasted nineteen years, compared to a ten-year contract in
Associated Business.  It is true that Defendants signed the initial
contract with AT&T in New York, but they maintained their
operational relationships with Plaintiff in New Jersey at all
times. (2), (4), (5) The New Jersey facility continued to develop,
distribute, and service the software licensed to Defendants.  In
addition, Defendants also participated in the development and
distribution of UNIX to Plaintiff's licensees, to such an extent
that Defendants' development efforts now apparently outstrip those
of Plaintiff. (3) Most communications concerning UNIX were
presumably with Plaintiff's New Jersey office. (6) Plaintiff sent
technical people to meet with Defendants in California "on quite a
large number of occasions." (McKusick Dep. at 318, Kennedy Aff. 
Ex. 5.)  (7) Defendants knew its acts would cause injury in New
Jersey.  
          In sum, Defendants and Plaintiff have worked together for
nearly two decades to develop, expand, and distribute UNIX software
to Plaintiff's licensees.  Defendants and Plaintiff are not two
organizations whose only contact is an agreement cemented by fax
and phone to engage in a single transaction.  See Colmen Financial
Services v. Charter Equip, Leasing, 708 F. Supp. 664 (E.D. Pa.
1989) (no jurisdiction arising out of Plaintiff's contract with
out-of-state Defendant to give financial advise in sale of
business).  Plaintiff and Defendants are long-term business
associates, and Defendants should reasonably have expected to be
subject to suit in New Jersey.  
          Plaintiff asserts a second ground for jurisdiction in
that it has alleged that Defendants committed unlawful that
inflicted foreseeable harm on New Jersey residents.  Again, this
jurisdiction involves the Regents in both their collective and
individual capacities because it arises out of counts alleging
unlawful acts in these capacities. (2d Am. Compl., Counts 3, 4, 6,
8).  The U.S. Supreme Court has upheld such jurisdiction in several
cases.  In Calder v. Jones, 465 U.S. 783 (1984), the Supreme Court
held that parties who intentionally aim their tortious acts at
victims in other states must expect to be haled into court in those
states.  Id. at 790 (California had jurisdiction over Florida
defendants who allegedly libeled a California plaintiff in a
magazine whose primary market is in California).  In Rustler v.
Keeton, 465 U.S. 770 (1984), the Court held that New Hampshire had
jurisdiction in a libel action against Hustler magazine even though
only a fraction of Hustler's sales occurred in New Hampshire.
          Plaintiff relies especially on the case Horne v. Adolph
Coors Co., 684 F.2d 255 (3d Cir. 1982).  In Horne, the plaintiff
alleged that defendant Coors, a Colorado corporation, manufactured
its beer using a device that infringed one of the plaintiff's
patents.  Even though Coors had made every effort to prevent the
sales of its beer in New Jersey, the beer remained available in the
bootleg market.  Coors also knew that selling its beer anywhere
would injure the plaintiff regardless of whether he resided in a
state selling the beer.  Moreover, Coors had allegedly devalued
intellectual property, which has a fictional situs at the residence
of the owner.  Considering all of these factors, the court found
that Coors was subject to jurisdiction in New Jersey.  See also
Paolino v. Channel Home Centers, 668 F.2d 721 (3d Cir. 1981)
(out-of-state manufacturer produced device in violation of
agreement with plaintiff to protect plaintiff's trade secrets, and
sold the device to defendant who resold it in-state).
          Plaintiff argues "unlawful act" jurisdiction, as
explained in Calder, Hustler, and Horne, is proper for several of
Defendants' acts.  First, jurisdiction is proper because Defendants
mailed an offer to prospective Net2 licensees in June 1991,
allegedly in violation of the Lanham Act.  Unlike Coors in Horne,
Defendants here targeted UNIX users in New Jersey, offered them the
allegedly proprietary Net2, and encouraged them to distribute it
freely to other parties.
          Defendants contend that this single offer, which
apparently no New Jersey residents accepted, cannot create personal
jurisdiction, especially since Defendants lacked an "express
intention to injure" Plaintiff. (Defs.'s Reply Br. at 18.) 
Defendant might be correct if the offers were innocuous absent an
acceptance.  But Plaintiff has alleged that the offers themselves
create a violation of the Lanham Act by the Regents in both their
individual and corporate capacities.  See, e.g, Calder, 465 U.S.
783 (parties who intentionally aim their tortious acts at victims
in other states must expect to be hauled into court in those
states).  In addition, Defendants had an "express intention to
injure" in the sense that they must have known that their acts
could injure Plaintiff.
          Second, Plaintiff argues that "unlawful act" jurisdiction
is proper because Defendants have misappropriated trade secrets and
infringed Plaintiff's copyright by licensing Net2 to UUNET.  This
act inevitably and foreseeably led to the downloading of Net2 by
tens of thousands of users, whose use of Net2 foreseeably eroded
the value of Plaintiff's trade secrets.  Plaintiff has not
submitted an estimate of the number of Net2 programs actually
downloaded in New Jersey, but with tens of thousands of copies
distributed, the odds are that at least several hundred reside on
disks and tape within this state (in addition to the copy
downloaded by Plaintiff's personnel).
          These acts are analogous to acts that gave rise to
jurisdiction in Paolino v. Channel Rome Centers, 668 F.2d 721
(3d Cir. 1991).  In Paolino, a Pennsylvania plaintiff confided
trade secrets to a Tennessee defendant, who abused plaintiff's
confidences and used the secrets to manufacture its products.  The
defendant then sold these products to a third party in New Jersey,
who in turn distributed the goods to customers at its Pennsylvania
stores.  The court found jurisdiction even though the defendant was
not the party selling the goods in Pennsylvania.  "[The Defendant],
knowing that Paolino had an interest in intellectual property
recognized by the law of Pennsylvania where he resided, obtained
his property in confidence and set out on a course of action which
would destroy it."  This behavior sufficed to create jurisdiction
in Paolino, and it suffices to create jurisdiction here as well.
          In summary, Plaintiff has pleaded a number of grounds
sufficient to create jurisdiction over Defendant Regents and
University.  None the less, the Regents argue that "the presence of
some other considerations would render jurisdiction unreasonable." 
Burger King, 471 U.S. at 477.  Such considerations are usually
handled by means other than denying jurisdiction, such as choice of
law rules, transfer, and change of venue.  Ibid.  In this case, as
discussed below, the Regents' contentions of improper and
inconvenient venue are insufficient to "render jurisdiction
unreasonable."  Consequently, I deny the Regents' motion to dismiss
the second Amended Complaint for lack of personal jurisdiction.
           D.  Dismissal For Improper Venue Or Transfer
          Defendants also move to dismiss for improper venue.  This
motion must be denied as well.  Venue is proper under 28 U.S.C. 
1391(b)(2), which applies to suits where subject matter
jurisdiction is based on a federal cause of action.  Section
1391(b)(2) states that venue is proper in "a judicial district in
which a substantial part of the events or omissions giving rise to
the claim occurred, or a substantial part of the property that is
the subject of the action is situated. . . ."
          In the present case, Plaintiff's claims are based at
least in part on alleged misrepresentations and trademark
violations made in New Jersey, and on alleged unlawful
distributions to individuals in New Jersey.  At this early stage of
discovery, it is impossible to know exactly how large a part of the
alleged actions occurred elsewhere, but the record offers no
evidence that any state received substantially more solicitations
or distributions than New Jersey.  Furthermore, Plaintiff's trade
secrets and, presumably, UNIX trademark are located at its home in
New Jersey.  Consequently, Plaintiff's claim involves both property
and acts in New Jersey.  See Cottman Transmission v. Metro
Distributing, 796 F. Supp. 338 (E.D. Pa. 1992) (franchisees'
unlawful use of trademarks out-of-state created venue in-state).
          Even if venue is proper in New Jersey, Defendants argue
that this case must be transferred to a California district court
under 28 U.S.C  1404(a), "[f)or the convenience of parties and
witnesses, in the interest of justice".  Defendants bear the burden
of persuasion on this issue.  Shutte v. Armco Steel Corp., 431 F.2d
22, 25 (3d Cir. 1970), cert. denied, 401 U.S. 910 (1971).  Section
1404(a) leaves transfer decisions to the discretion of the court,
but a court should not lightly disturb Plaintiff's choice of forum. 
"`[U]nless the balance of convenience of the parties is strongly in
favor of defendant, the plaintiff's choice of forum should
prevail.'" Ibid. (citing Owatonna Manufacturing Co. v. Melroe Co.,
301 F. Supp. 1296, 1307 (D.   Minn. 1969)) (emphasis added in
Shutte).
          Defendants assert that "virtually all the witnesses and
all the defendants reside a considerable distance from New Jersey's
state borders," and that California has a considerable interest in
the litigation. (Def.'s Supp'g Br. at 15.)  Defendants are surely
correct with regard to the issue of whether the Regents
individually committed unlawful acts.
          However, as shown by the briefs arguing Plaintiff's
motion for a preliminary injunction against BSDI, the threshold
issues here are not issues of who did what, but rather issues of
similarity among source codes, of contract interpretation, and of
law.  How closely does Net2 or BSD/386 resemble 32V?  Was 32V
published without notice of copyright?  What sorts of publications
do Berkeley's licenses permit?  Can any part of 32V possibly be
considered a trade secret, given that much of it is industry
standard and known to a generation of users and programmers?  These
are all issues without a particular geographical situs.
          Consequently, I will not disturb Plaintiff's decision to
bring this action in New Jersey.  Considering the various issues
that must be tried in this case, a New Jersey forum is not so
burdensome for Defendants as to require transfer or dismissal in
the interests of convenience and justice.
                    E.  Preliminary Injunction
          Plaintiff moves for a preliminary injunction against
further distribution of the source code by BSDI (the Regents have
voluntarily ceased distributing the source code at issue here). 
Federal district courts have the power to grant preliminary
injunctions pursuant to Rule 65(a) of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure.  Preliminary injunctions allow a court to "prevent the
judicial process from being rendered futile by defendant's action
or refusal to act." Charles A. Wright and Arthur R. Miller, Federal
Practice and Procedure  2947 (1973).  In other words, a
preliminary injunction allows a court to maintain the status quo
until trial.  To obtain a preliminary injunction, the movant must
establish:
          (1)  the reasonable probability of eventual success in
          the litigation and (2) that the movment will be
          irreparably injured pendente lite if relief is not
          grunted.  Moreover, while the burden rests upon the
          moving party to make these two requisite showing[s], the
          district court should take into account, when they are
          relevant, (3) the possibility of harm to other interested
          persons from the grant or denial of the injunction, and
          (4) the public interest."

Instant Air Freight Co. v. C.F. Air Freight, Inc., 882 F.2d 797 (3d
Cir. 1989)
                    1.  Copyright Infringement
          Plaintiff claims that BSDI has violated Plaintiff's
copyright in the UNIX source code and, unless I enjoin further
violations, BSDI's continuing violations will irreparably harm
Plaintiff.  The first factor to be considered is whether Plaintiff
has a reasonable probability of prevailing on the merits of this
claim.
          In order to prevail, Plaintiff must prove that it has a
valid copyright in the UNIX code.  Plaintiff's chief difficulty
here is the "Publication doctrine."  The publication doctrine
denies copyright protection to works which the copyright owner
"publishes," unless the owner has properly affixed a notice of
copyright to the published work.  This doctrine has suffered steady
erosion over the years, and it now applies in full force only for
works published prior to January 1, 1978.  For works such as 32V
(published in 1978), which were published after that date but
before March 1, 1989, the doctrine is subject to the escape
provisions of 17 U.S.C.  405(a) and the common-law "limited
publication rule."  For works published after March 1, 1989, the
publication doctrine has been eliminated by the Berne Convention
Implementation Act, 102 Stat. 2857 (1988).
          Because Plaintiff copyrighted 32V in 1992, Plaintiff
benefits from a statutory presumption of validity and BSDI has the
burden of proving otherwise.  Williams Electronics, Inc. v. Arctic
International, Inc., 685 F.2d 870, 873 (3rd Cir. 1982).  BSDI seeks
to carry this burden by proving that AT&T and Plaintiff have widely
published 32V without proper notice.
Publication is defined as:
          the distribution of copies or phono records of a work
          to the public by sale or other transfer of
          ownership, or by rental lease or lending.  The
          offering to distribute copies or phonorecords to a
          group of persons for purposes of further
          distribution, public performance, or public display,
          constitutes publication.  A public performance or
          display of a work does not of itself constitute
          publication.

17 U.S.C.  101.  Version 32V source code has now been distributed,
without notice, to literally thousands of licensees. 
Consequently, Plaintiff can have no valid copyright on 32V unless
it can fit within one of the statutory or common law escape
provisions.  
          The three statutory escape provisions are listed in
section 405(a).  These provisions relieve a copyright owner from
the harsh consequences of noticeless publication if the owner
(i) omitted the notice from a "relatively small number of copies;"
(ii) registers the work within five years of publication, and then
makes a "reasonable effort" to add notices to the noticeless copies
already distributed; or (iii) proves that a third party omitted,
notice in violation of an express agreement in writing 17 U.S.C 
405(a)(1)-(3).
          Plaintiff cannot avail itself of any of these provisions. 
Notice was omitted from thousands of copies of 32V; no contractual
agreements require the licensees to affix notice;
Plaintiff failed to copyright 32V until 1992, well over five years
after 32V was published; and Plaintiff has not yet made reasonable
efforts to add notices to the many noticeless publications of 32V. 
Consequently, Plaintiff must try to fit within the common-law
doctrine of limited publication.
          Under the common-law doctrine of limited publication, a
publication will not divest an author of copyright protection if
the author "`communicates the contents of a manuscript to a
definitely selected group and for a limited purpose, and without
the right of diffusion, reproduction, distribution or sale. . ."
Rexnord, Inc. v. Modern Handling Systems, Inc., 379 F. Supp. 1190,
1197 (D. Del. 1974) (quoting White v. Kimmell, 193 F.2d 744, 746-47
(9th Cir. 1952), cert. denied, 343 U.S. 957 (1952); see also
American Visuals Corq. v. Holland, 239 F.2d 740, 744 (2d Cir. 1956)
(quoting White v. Kimmell).  There is some question as to whether
the doctrine of limited publication survived the 1976 amendments to
federal copyright law, but the weight of authority holds that its
has.  See Nimmer on Copyrights,  4.13[B](1992), and the cases
cited therein ("the doctrine of limited publication continues under
the current Act").
          For the present dispute, the key criterion is that the
alleged copyright owner must only have distributed the works to a
"Selected group."  To qualify as a selected group," those receiving
the work must he more than just customers self-selected by their
desire to purchase the work.  Otherwise, "all the purchasers of the
work" would qualify as a "selected group," and all publications
would be limited publications.  For example, if a programmer sells
software to anyone willing to meet the asking price, then the
programmer can hardly be said to have communicated the work to a
selected group.  See Brown v. Tabb, 714 F.2d 1088, 1092 (11th Cir.
1983) (the group containing all of the potential purchasers of a
jingle was not a "selected group"); Academy of Motion Picture Arts
v. Creative House Promotions, 944 F.2d 1446 (9th Cir. 1991) (Oscar
winners are not a selected group because Plaintiff did not
distribute its Oscars generally to the public).  Situations where
courts have found selected groups include distribution of
manuscripts by authors to a small collection of friends; of floor
plans to contractors so they can prepare bids; of advance copies of
works to colleagues for criticism or review; of samples to
potential customers; and of promotional material to dealers. 
Himmer an copyright,  4.13[A] (1992).
          As the above examples suggest, the traditional scope of
the limited publication doctrine is narrow.  But courts have shown
a tendency to expand the scope of this doctrine when applying it to
computer products.  See Nimmer on copyright,  4.13[A][1], [2). 
For example, several courts have declined to find a publication
where a copyright owner has communicated support materials to
customers buying computers.  One such case is Hubco Data Products
Corp. v. Management Assistance Inc., 219 U.S.P.Q. 450 (D. Idaho
1983), where the court faced the issue of whether the plaintiff
computer manufacturer had published the operating system
distributed with its computers.  The computers (complete with
operating systems) apparently were available to anyone willing to
pay their price, but the court none the less found only a limited
publication of the operating system.  The court reasoned that the
"operating systems were only offered to owners of [plaintiffs)
computers." Id. at 455.  See also Data General Corp. v. Digital
Computer Controls, Inc., 188 U.S.P.Q. 276 (Del. Ch. 1975)
(schematic drawings were the subject of a limited publication
because they were only distributed to those who bought computers).
          The limited-publication variations endorsed in Hubco and
Data General, even it valid, are of no help to Plaintiff here. 
Version 32V was not distributed as an ancillary communication
supporting the sale of a computer ~ 32V was the actual product
itself.  Consequently, the only question is whether AT&T and
Plaintiff limited 32V's distribution or offered it to whomever
could pay.
          Plaintiff argues that it has only distributed 32V to
three select groups of licensees: educational organizations, U.S.
government agencies, and carefully-screened corporate entities. 
Although the former two groups could conceivably qualify as
"selected," the latter can qualify only if the screening process is
suitably restrictive.  According to depositions of Plaintiff's
personnel, the screening includes investigating the kind of code a
potential customer seeks (source or binary); detailed information
about the nature of the customer's business; the customer's
financial ability to pay; and whether the customer is in a country
that protects trade secrets.  Plaintiff needs all of this
information to assess three features of its prospective customers:
which product is best for the customer, whether the customer can
pay, and whether the customer will take good care of Plaintiff's
intellectual property, (Kennedy Decl., Ex. C at 1622, Ex. D at
111-12; Pl.'s Reply Br. at 10.)
          Even accepting this description of Plaintiff's screening
process as true, it is hard to see how the screening would yield a
selected group of corporations within the meaning of the doctrine
of limited publication.  Plaintiff essentially seeks what any
lessor of property seeks:  someone who will take good care of the
property and pay the bills as they fall due.  If this were enough
to create a selected group, then practically anyone who leased
property would belong to a selected group.
          The copyright laws in effect prior to 1989 do not allow
such expansive protection against the consequences of noticeless
publication.  As quoted above, publication includes distributing
copies by "renting, leasing, or lending." 17 U.S.C.  101.  Under
Plaintiff's construction of the doctrine of limited publication,
"renting, leasing, or lending" would not constitute publication
whenever the owner of the copyright screened out irresponsible
customers.  It seems unlikely that Congress drafted this section
with this purpose in mind.
          Consequently, I find that Plaintiff has failed to
demonstrate a likelihood that it can successfully defend its
copyright in 32V.  Plaintiff's claims of copyright violations are
not a basis for injunctive relief.
                 2. Trade Secret Misappropriation
          Plaintiff also claims that BSDI misappropriated trade
secrets when, via Net2, BSDI incorporated parts of 32V into
BSD/356.  This claim raises two key issue.  First, is Plaintiff's
claim preempted by federal copyright law? And second, after a
generation of scrutiny and imitation as a highly-regarded computer
operating system, does any part of 32V remain secret?  Section 301
of Title 17 expressly preempts state laws protecting "legal or
equitable rights that are equivalent to any of the exclusive rights
within the general scope of copyright as specified by section 106." 
Section 301 explains the scope of this preemption by listing the
exceptions:
          (1)  subject matter that does not come within the subject
               matter of copyright as specified by sections 102 and
               103, including works of authorship not fixed in any
               tangible medium of expression; or

          (2)  any cause of action arising from undertakings
               commenced between January 1, 1978; or

          (3)  activities violating legal or equitable rights that
               are not equivalent to any of the exclusive rights
               within the general scope of copyright as specified
               by section 106.

Section 106 lists the rights protected by copyright law, including
the right to "reproduce the copyrighted work . . . ; to prepare
derivative works . . . ; [and) to distribute copies."
          Net2 fails to meet the first preemption exception,
because computer programs fall "within the subject matter of
copyright."  Accordingly, the key issue is whether state
misappropriation laws protect activities that are equivalent to
those protected by the copyright laws.
          To test whether a particular state law is preempted,
courts have generally adopted an "extra element" test;
          If, under state law, the act or reproduction,
          performance, distribution or display . . . will
          in itself infringe the state created right,
          then such right is preempted.  But if other
          elements are required, in addition to or
          instead of, the acts of reproduction,
          performance, distribution or display, in order
          to constitute a state created cause of action,
          then the right does not lie "within the general
          scope of copyright," and there is no
          preemption.

SBK Catalogue Partnership v. Orion Pictures, 723  F. Supp. 1053,
1066 (D.N.J. 1989) (quoting Nimmer on Copyright,  1.01[B]{l}); see
also Harper & Row Publs., Inc. v. Nation Enter., 723 F.2d 195,
199-200 (2d Cir. 1983) (if the elements of a state-law cause of
action also state a claim under the copyright laws, the state law
cause of action is preempted).
          In the present case, the state law in question is either
that of New York or New Jersey.  Plaintiff assumes that New Jersey
law should apply, and Defendants note that the licenses require the
application of New York law.  I need not decide this issue now,
however, because both New York and New Jersey have adopted laws
substantially similar to section 757 of the Restatement of Torts. 
See Enlicky Enterprises, Inc. v. Spotlight Presents, Tnc., 213
U.S.P.Q. 855 (S.D.N.Y. 1981); Rohm and Haas Co.v. Adco Chemical
Co., 689 F.2d 424 (3d Cir. 1982).
          According to section 757, "[a] trade secret may  consist
of any formula, pattern, device or compilation of information which
is used in one's business, and which gives him an opportunity to
obtain an advantage over competitors who do not know or use it." 
Restatement of Torts  757 cmt. b (1939).  Thus, by definition, a
trade secret claim requires Plaintiff to prove an element not
present in a copyright claim:  the existence of a trade secret. 
Because of this extra element, section 757 does not protect rights
equivalent to those protected by the copyright laws, and hence is
not preempted.  See Brignoli v. Balch Hardy and Scheinman, Inc.,
645 F. Supp. 1201, 1205 (S.D.N.Y. 1986) (allegations that computes
programs are trade secrets protects them from preemption); Nimmer
on Copyright,  1.01[B][1][h)(1992) ("[a]ctions for disclosure and
exploitation of trade secrets require a status of secrecy, not
required for copyright, and hence are not preempted.")
          Given that Plaintiff's trade secret claims are not
preempted, the next question is whether Plaintiff still has any
trade secrets to protect.  Plaintiff argues that these programs
contain a variety of materials that Defendants could have obtained
only from proprietary sources, sources subject to contractual
guarantees against redistribution.  If so, then Plaintiff has not
lost its secrets.  Trade secrets need not actually be secret, as
long as the owner of the secrets controls their dissemination.  For
example, the owner may disclose it to employees or to others
pledged to secrecy.  In addition, the components of the secrets may
all lie in the public domain as long as their combination does not. 
"[T]he fact that every ingredient is known to the industry is not
controlling for the secret may consist of the method of combining
them which produces a product superior to that of competitors." Sun
Dial Corp. v. Hideout, 16 N.J. 252, 257 (1954).
          Plaintiff's first argument is that Defendants have copied
the filenames and header files from 32V.  Defendants insist that
filenames and the contents of header files can be readily printed
from Plaintiff's binary code (Joint Decl. at  28.1.1.), which
Plaintiff has apparently distributed without restriction on
redistribution.  In addition, some of this code is available in
reference manuals distributed by Plaintiff. (Carson Reply Aff. at
 9.)
          Plaintiff also argues that Defendants have copied 
certain non-operational aspects of the code, such as allocation of
functions to files and the exact wording of comments.  Even though
these matters might be "secret," they have only small significance
to Net2's value as an operating system.  As such, Defendants would
not seem to have obtained an "advantage over competitors" by their
use.
          Finally, Plaintiff argues that Defendants have copied 32V
in writing the instructions and organizing the logical structure of
Net2.  Defendants counter that even if Plaintiff does retain trade
secrets in Unix, Defendants carefully plucked these secrets out of
Net2 and BSD/386.  This argument is an argument over facts, and
Plaintiff and Defendants have joined it with their experts.   At
the present state of the record, it seems that the side who gets in
the last word wins.  In an affidavit accompanying Plaintiff's
supporting brief, Professor Carson identified two sets of
instructions as examples of copying:  the functions "bread" and
"biodone." In an affidavit accompanying the opposing brief,
Defendants' experts rebutted these arguments by explaining how they
could have replicated "bread" and "biodone" from publicly-available
information. (Joint Decl. at  53-56.)  In an affidavit
accompanying the reply brief, Professor Carson identified further
examples of copying. (Carson Reply Aff.) Defendants have now
submitted a surreply and rebutted these examples. (2nd Joint
Decl.)
          After reviewing the affidavits of Plaintiff's and
Defendants, experts, a great deal of uncertainty remains as to what
trade secrets Net2 might contain.  One fact does seem clear: the
header files, filenames, and function names used by Defendants are
not trade secrets.  Defendants could have printed these off of any
of the thousands of unrestricted copies of Plaintiff's binary
object code. (Kashtan Aff. at  9-11.) Moreover, the nonfunctional
elements of the code, such as comments, cannot be trade secrets
because these elements are minimal and confer no competitive
advantage on Defendants.  The copied elements that contain
instructions, such as BREAD and CPIO, might perhaps be trade
secrets, but Defendants' experts have argued persuasively that
these instructions are either in the public domain or otherwise
exempt.  As Defendants have repeatedly emphasized, much of 32V
seems to be publicly available.
          On the other hand, even it Defendants are correct, it is
not clear whether 32V is publicly available in a form suitable to
BSDI's purposes.  There is an enormous difference between an expert
programmer sitting down with a pile of textbooks and disjointed
segments of code to write out an operating system from scratch, and
that same programmer downloading the operating system intact from a
public network.  In the first case, the programmer could expend
large amounts of time writing, testing, and debugging the
newly-created system, with an uncertain prospect of immediate
success.  But in the second case, immediate success would be
virtually assured.  Thus, even if all of the pieces of the 32V code
had been thoroughly revealed in publicly available literature, the
overall organization of the code might remain a trade secret unless
it too had been disclosed.
          On the present record, however, it is impossible to
determine whether the overall organization of Net2 has been
disclosed.  The record itself contains little information directly
pertinent to this issue.  Moreover, the parties' submissions hint
that some of 32V's organization may already be publicly available. 
Berkeley has apparently released nonproprietary programs such as
Net1 since 1987 (Regents Am.  Opp'g Br. at 13), programs that
presumably have divulged at least some information about 32V's
organization.
          A further consideration is that 32V's overall
organization may not even be protectable in the first place. 
Berkeley's license to use 32V protects 32V derivatives only to the
extent that they contain certain proprietary information.  If
Berkeley excises the proprietary information (as it attempted to do
with Net2), Berkeley is free to distribute derivatives without 
restriction.  Berkeley has utilized this freedom in the past to
distribute a number of non-proprietary systems and portions of
systems, all apparently without objections from AT&T.  These
distributions, to some degree, must have disclosed the overall
organization of 32V.  Thus, Berkeley's activities under the
licensing agreement, and AT&T's acceptance of those activities, are
evidence that Berkeley and AT&T interpreted the agreement to allow
the disclosure of at least some of 32V's organization.
          In summary, I find that I am unable to ascertain whether
any aspect of Net2 or BSD/386, be it an individual line of code or
the overall system organization, deserves protection as Plaintiff's
trade secret.  Since Plaintiff has failed to provide enough
evidence to establish a "reasonable probability" that Net2 or
BSD/386 contain trade secrets, I find that Plaintiff has failed to
demonstrate a likelihood of success on the merits of its claim for
misappropriation of trade secrets.  No preliminary injunction will
issue.
                          IV. CONCLUSIONS
          I grant Plaintiff's motion to amend, and deny Plaintiff's
motion for a preliminary injunction.  I deny Defendants' motion to
dismiss for lack of jurisdiction and venue, and I deny Defendants'
motion to transfer.

Dated:  March____, 1993       _______________________________
                              Dickinson R. Debevoise U.S.D.J.
                   UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                  FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY


UNIX SYSTEMS LABORATORIES, INC., 

               Plaintiff,


     v.

BERKELEY SOFTWARE DESIGN, INC.,
and certain named individuals in
their collective capacity as The
Regents of the University of
California, 

               Defendants.)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)Civ. No. 92-1667

ORDER                                     )


          This matter having been opened to the court upon
application of Paul Hastings Janofsky & Walker, counsel for
Plaintiff, to amend their complaint and for a preliminary
injunction against Defendant Berkeley Software Design, Inc.; and
upon application of Post Polak & Goodsell, counsel for Defendant
Regents of the University of California, to strike pleadings, to
dismiss for lack of capacity to be sued and lack of personal
jurisdiction and improper venue, and, in the alternative, to
transfer; and the court having considered all papers submitted in
support of and in opposition to said motions; and in accordance
with the opinion of even date;
     IT IS on this  ___ day of March, 1993
     ORDERED as follows:
     1.   Plaintiff's motion to amend its complaint is granted;

     2.   Plaintiff shall serve its amended complaint upon all
          parties within ten days of the filing of this order;
     3.   Plaintiff's motion for a preliminary injunction is
          denied;
     4.   Defendant Regents of the University of California's
          motion to strike pleadings is denied; 
     5.   Defendant Regents of the University of California's
          motion to dismiss for lack of capacity to be sued is
          denied; 
     6.   Defendant Regents of the University of California's
          motion to dismiss for improper venue is denied; 
     7.   Defendant Regents of the University of California's
          motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction is
          denied;
     8.   Defendant Regents of the University of California's
          motion to transfer venue is denied.

                              ________________________________
                              Dickinson R. Debevoise, U.S.D.J.

